b"President's Award Program | UIC Office of the Vice Provost for Academic and Enrollment Services"
b''
b'Who We Are'
b'AES Units'
b'2017 Annual Report'
b'Dates, Calendars & Events'
b'Research, \r\n                Publications & Presentations'
b'Enrollment / Admission Reports'
b'AES Staff Portal'
b'Contact Us'
b'\xc2\xa0'
b' Home'
b"President's Award Program"
b'A Scholarship Program for Campus Diversity'
b'The President\xe2\x80\x99s Award Program is the most  prestigious scholarship at the University of Illinois. The program was created  in 1985 to recognize and award students graduating from Illinois high schools  who have demonstrated outstanding academic performance and who represent the  rich diversity of the State of Illinois. '
b'At the University of Illinois at Chicago, the  President\xe2\x80\x99s Award scholarship is offered as an expression of our commitment to  having these talented students join the UIC community. The PAP award is  merit-based and starts at $5,000 per year as determined by the categories of  PAP Scholars and PAP Honors. The scholarship may be renewed annually and is  available for a maximum of four years (eight semesters).'
b'Only newly admitted first-year students will  be considered. Scholarship consideration is also based on a combination of  factors including high school record, standardized test scores, and a  comprehensive review of all application materials. Additionally, candidates  must be from one from the following: (a) a low-sending Illinois county to the  University of Illinois, (b) a family that is not expected to contribute to the  cost of their dependent student\xe2\x80\x99s education as verified through the financial  aid application process or (c) a historically underrepresented group.'
b'Consideration for PAP awards begins after a  student is admitted to the university. Students do not apply directly to the  program and there are no supplemental forms or materials to submit. Students  meeting the stated criteria receive an individual review by the President\xe2\x80\x99s  Award Program selection committee and will be notified by mail. '
b'Out-of-state students, transfer students and continuing  students are not eligible for consideration.'
b'A Campus-Wide Program for Academic Excellence'
b'PAP Scholars Program'
b'The PAP Scholars Program is a four-year scholarship program that promotes student success and academic excellence in collaboration with the entire UIC community. PAP Scholars participate in the PAP Academy which is comprised of Summer College and a First Year Experience. In addition, students are encouraged to participate in many opportunities, such as undergraduate research, a study abroad experience, specialized seminars facilitated by faculty liaisons, and career and graduate/professional school preparation. '
b'2017-2019 PAP Handbook'
b'2018-2020 PAP Handbook'
b'PAP Honors Scholars Program'
b'The PAP Honors Scholars Program is a four-year  residential scholarship program that provides opportunities for academic  engagement and mentoring as a member of the UIC Honors College. The PAP Honors  Scholars Program promotes academic excellence within and beyond the Honors  College community, connects students with Honors College Faculty Fellows and  other faculty members, and fosters civic engagement and leadership. The Honors  College provides a collaborative and supportive educational environment that  allows students to explore issues in depth through small classes and  specialized research projects. The scholarship covers four years of tuition and  housing, a week-long Summer College orientation program, and a new laptop  computer. Students must apply separately to the Honors College for  consideration. To learn more about the Honors College, go to https://www.honors.uic.edu/.'
b'https://www.honors.uic.edu/'
b'PAP STEM Initiative'
b'The PAP STEM Initiative supports PAP Scholars majoring in STEM disciplines to join a network with their peers and faculty in the UIC community of scientists and engineers. Students do research and develop a professional network. They enhance their experience at UIC through faculty seminars, classmate interactions, and the option to live in a residential living-learning community on campus, while preparing for graduate school. PAP Scholars majoring in a STEM discipline (biochemistry, biological sciences, chemistry, computer sciences, earth and environmental sciences, engineering, mathematics, neuroscience, or physics), who are interested in conducting research in science and pursuing graduate education in their STEM field are invited to join PAP STEM. More information is available at http://stem.uic.edu/.'
b'http://stem.uic.edu/'
b'Contact'
b'pap@uic.edu'
b'pap@uic.edu'
b'Academic & Enrollment Services | Office of Academic Affairs | UIC Home | Sitemap\r\n\r\n            Having problems accessing this site? Contact Webmaster\r\n            \xc2\xa9 2018 Board of Trustees University of Illinois'
b'Academic & Enrollment Services'
b'Office of Academic Affairs'
b'UIC Home'
b'Sitemap'
b'Contact Webmaster'
