b'Assistantships | UIC Graduate College'
b'Jump to Navigation'
b'  '
b''
b''
b''
b'Follow Us'
b'RSS Feed'
b'Twitter'
b'Facebook'
b''
b'Search'
b'Topics:'
b'About Us'
b'About UIC and the Graduate College'
b'Contact Us'
b'Service and Subject Contact List'
b'Message from the Dean'
b'The Image of Research Exhibit'
b'Great Cities Commitment'
b'Research at UIC'
b'Housing on Campus & in Chicago'
b'Get Connected to UIC: Campus & Related Resources'
b'Get Connected to UIC: Chicago Resources'
b'Virtual Tour of UIC/How to Reach UIC/Visit'
b'Academics & Programs'
b'UIC Graduate College Academics & Programs'
b'Graduate and Professional Degree Programs List'
b'Certificate Programs List'
b'Program Updates and Changes'
b'Certificate in the Foundations of College Instruction'
b'Interdisciplinary Studies'
b'Course Listings'
b'Faculty Listings'
b'Graduate Catalogs'
b'Chicago Metropolitan Exchange Program'
b'Academic Calendar'
b'Final Exam Schedule'
b'Funding Your Education'
b'UIC Graduate College - Funding Your Education'
b'Graduate Funding Overview'
b'Fellowship Office Information'
b'External Fellowship Campus Deadlines'
b'Fellowship information session schedule'
b'Funding Seminars'
b'Emergency Grants'
b'Assistantships'
b'Graduate College Fellowships'
b"Dean's Scholar Fellowship"
b'Access Fellowship'
b'University Fellowship'
b'UIC Pipeline to an Inclusive Faculty (PIF) Program'
b'Graduate College Fellowship and Award Deadlines'
b'Acceptance of Offer of Financial Support - April 15'
b'Graduate College Professional Success Program (PSP) for Fellows'
b'UIC and U of I awards'
b'FMC Technologies Educational Fund'
b"Chancellor's Graduate Internship Award"
b'Annual Graduate College Outstanding Thesis and Dissertation Award'
b'Student Presenter Awards'
b'Cotutelle with Macquarie University'
b'Graduate College tuition and selected fees waivers'
b"My waiver didn't post -- what do I do?"
b'Online Funding Resources'
b'Teaching Assistant Enrichment'
b'Information about Assistantships'
b'Campus-Wide New TA Orientation'
b'International Teaching Assistants Program Home Page'
b'Foundations of College Teaching Course - GC 593'
b'Diversity Matters'
b'Office for Recruitment & Diversity Affairs'
b'Fellows Mentoring and Support Initiative'
b'The PASSAGE Scholars Program'
b'2013 IALHEA Diversity Dialogue and Research Forum'
b'Application Fee Waiver Programs'
b'Urban Health Program'
b'Graduate Pathways to Success'
b'Diversifying Higher Education Faculty in Illinois'
b'Summer Research Opportunities Program for Undergraduates'
b'Admissions'
b'Admissions to a Graduate Program'
b'Graduate College Policy on Conflicts of Interest in the Admissions Process'
b'Deadlines'
b'Degree Admission'
b'Domestic Admission'
b'International Admission'
b'Admission Status'
b'Joint-Degree Programs'
b'Nondegree Admission'
b'Changing from NonDegree to Degree'
b'Changing Programs/Adding a Second Program'
b'Confidentiality of Records'
b'Medical Immunization Requirements'
b'Nondiscrimination Policy'
b'Sexual Harassment Policy'
b'Services for Students with Disabilities'
b'Tuition, Fees and Other Charges'
b'Transfer of Credit'
b'Transfer of Credit Forms'
b'Student Info'
b'Graduate Studies: Graduate Studies Step-By-Step'
b'Orientation'
b'Graduate College New Student Orientation'
b'Graduate College Events and Workshops'
b'Career Services-Versatile PhD'
b'National Center on Faculty Development and Diversity (NCFDD)'
b'Graduate College Professional Success Program (PSP)'
b'Registration & Policies'
b'Establish Net ID and Enterprise ID'
b'Advisors'
b'Registration Procedures'
b'Registration Information'
b'Continuing Student Status'
b'Withdrawing From All Courses'
b'Auditors: Course Visitors'
b'Adding & Dropping Courses'
b'Zero Hour Registration'
b'Course Loads and Full, Three-Quarter, and Half-Time'
b'Tuition & Fees'
b'Research'
b'Changing from Non-Degree to Degree'
b'Changing Programs/Adding a Second Program'
b'Degree Requirements'
b"Master's Degrees"
b'Doctoral Degrees'
b'Grades'
b'Academic Standing/Continuation and Probation Rules'
b'Transfer of Credit'
b'Leave of Absence'
b'Transcripts'
b'Graduate College Courses'
b'Chicago Metropolitan Exchange Program'
b'Annual Assessment of Doctoral Students'
b'Grievance Procedures'
b'Exams & Defense'
b'Student Committee Conflict of Interest Statement'
b'Preliminary Exam Policies and Procedures'
b"Master's Thesis Defense"
b'Doctoral Dissertation Defense'
b'Exams & Defense Forms'
b'Thesis'
b'iThenticate Review Procedures'
b'Survey of Earned Doctorates'
b'Electronic Thesis/Dissertation'
b'Graduation & Deadlines'
b'Commencement Ceremony'
b'University Regulations'
b'FERPA/Access to Student Records'
b'TA Enrichment'
b'Information about Assistantships'
b'Campus-Wide New TA Orientation'
b'International Teaching Assistant Program (ITA)'
b'Foundations of College Teaching Course - GC 593'
b'Practicum in College Teaching Course - GC 594'
b'Teaching at UIC:  A Handbook for Teaching Assistants'
b'Center for the Advancement of Teaching-Learning Communities'
b'Forms & Publications'
b'Graduate Forms & Publications'
b'Graduate College Newsletters'
b'Graduate Student Forms'
b'Information'
b'Information For:'
b'Graduate Students'
b'Alumni'
b'Faculty/Staff'
b'Governance'
b'Graduate College Bylaws'
b'Graduate College Faculty'
b'Graduate College Elections'
b'Graduate College Executive Committee Schedule'
b'Graduate College Executive Committee Members'
b'Graduate College Awards Committee Members'
b'Graduate College Awards Committee Calendar'
b'Exhibit Advisory Board'
b'Graduate Data Resources'
b'Doctoral Student Assessment'
b'Entering Graduate Student Survey'
b'Office of Admissions and Records Reports'
b'Codes and Concentrations'
b'Graduate Mentoring Awards'
b'Student Funding & Faculty Awards Information for Faculty/Staff'
b'Student Recruitment & Admission Information for Faculty/Staff'
b'Student Information Related to Records and Registration for Faculty/Staff'
b'Other Resources'
b'Data Collection Resources'
b'Banner and Related Resources'
b'Faculty Resources'
b'Program  Resources'
b'DGS and Support Staff Meetings'
b'Online Learning'
b'Prospective Students'
b'Support Graduate Education'
b'TA Enrichment'
b'Information about Assistantships'
b'Campus-Wide New TA Orientation'
b'International Teaching Assistant Program (ITA)'
b'Foundations of College Teaching Course - GC 593'
b'Practicum in College Teaching Course - GC 594'
b'Teaching at UIC:  A Handbook for Teaching Assistants'
b'Center for the Advancement of Teaching-Learning Communities'
b'You are here'
b'Home'
b'TA Enrichment'
b'Assistantships'
b'Colleges, graduate programs, administrative offices, and research centers appoint graduate students as teaching (TA), research (RA), or graduate assistants (GA). Students apply for and obtain most assistantships through their graduate programs. The Human Resources Job Board has listings for assistantships that are open to the general graduate student population (see listings towards bottom of the above link).'
b'Human Resources Job Board'
b'Comprehensive information about assistantships is found at the UIC 101 Graduate Assistants page.\xc2\xa0 That page includes a Graduate Assistantship HR Resource Guide.'
b'UIC 101 Graduate Assistants page'
b'Graduate Assistantship HR Resource Guide'
b'Descriptions:\xc2\xa0 At UIC,\xc2\xa0teaching assistantships, research assistantships and graduate assistantships\xc2\xa0are available.\xc2\xa0For information on available assistantships,\xc2\xa0contact the Director of Graduate Studies in the academic program.\xc2\xa0'
b'teaching assistantships'
b'research assistantships'
b'graduate assistantships'
b'Work Schedule: The weekly clock hours of service required of assistants are twenty for a half-time (50% FTE) appointment and the proportional fraction of time for other appointments.'
b'Stipend: Minimum stipend amounts are established through collective bargaining. Departments may offer higher than the minimum. See\xc2\xa0Salary for Graduate Assistantships (includes eligibility criteria for the appointment to be qualified for a waiver of tuition\xc2\xa0certain fees) for the current year. Specifications for upcoming years may be viewed in the contract - see the link in the Teaching (TA) and Graduate (GA) Assistantship Labor Agreement section below. Even though Research Assistantship (RA) appointments are not under the contract, the minimum stipend applies to those positions as well.'
b'Salary for Graduate Assistantships'
b'Application for Graduate Appointment:\xc2\xa0 Verify with the unit or academic program from which you are seeking an appointment if they require the Application for Graduate Appointment form. Many units and academic programs use their own form.'
b'Application for Graduate Appointment'
b'Waivers: Tuition and the some fees are waived for assistants if the appointment is between 25 and 67 percent for at least three-quarters of the term (91 calendar days in fall or spring semester, 41 calendar days during the summer session). To determine if an appointment meets the calendar-day requirement, see appointment duration ranges.\xc2\xa0 The waiver does not cover any tuition differential that may be assessed, except for students registered in the following programs: Biological Sciences, Chemistry, Earth & Environmental Sciences, Physics, and Psychology.'
b'appointment duration ranges'
b'See the tuition schedule\xc2\xa0for information on specific\xc2\xa0tuition rates. Graduate students who hold academic appointments as assistants for the spring semester and for whom tuition and service fees were waived in the spring are entitled to a waiver for the summer term immediately following if they do not hold a summer assistantship, provided they are registered for at least three hours during that summer term. Graduate students holding a summer assistantship must satisfy eligibiliy requirements for a waiver, as described in the previous paragraph, as well as the registration requirements specied below. Assistantship waivers cover the following charges:'
b'tuition schedule'
b'Assistantship waivers do not cover the following charges:'
b'For a complete tuition and fee schedule, please refer to the Office of Registration and Records.'
b'Office of Registration and Records'
b'Taxation of Graduate Assistant & Pre-Professional Graduate Assistant Tuition Waivers:\xc2\xa0 Please see Frequently Asked Questions.'
b'Frequently Asked Questions'
b'Registration Requirements: At least eight (8) hours each semester. Registration in summer is not required to hold an assistantship.\xc2\xa0 Some programs may require registration for more than eight hours per term and/or summer registration. Although the Graduate College does not require summer registration to hold a summer assistantship, a minimum of three hours registration is required to receive a summer tuition and (selected) fee waiver. Students receiving an assistantship must maintain a minimum registration through the end of the term in order to retain the waiver. A minimum of eight (8) hours in fall and spring is required for the waiver. (Note: This is different from the 12 hours required of Graduate College fellowship and allocated waivers.) Summer registration is optional for students with summer appointments, but a minimum three (3) hours in summer is required to receive the waiver. International students may have additional registration requirements. Generally:'
b'Summer registration is not required (see above). International students\xc2\xa0should confer with the Office of International Services\xc2\xa0for additional information.'
b'Office of International Services'
b'Assistantship Offer Letter Templates:\xc2\xa0 Hiring units must follow the assistantship offer letter template on the offer letters sent to students (Teaching Assistant (TA); Research Assistant (RA); Graduate Assistant (GA)). There are seperate templates TAs and GAs, and the templates are by academic year (must be followed, as the tuition differential listings change by academic year). RAs are not part of the GEO union, so information about the union should not be included in the RA offer letter.'
b'assistantship offer letter template'
b'Dental and Vision Insurance:\xc2\xa0 Dental and vision benefits are provided by the University for all assistantship recipients with at least a 25% appointment. See the\xc2\xa0Grad Assistant Dental and Vision Benefits page on the UIC HR website for full details about eligibility and enrollment in these plans. In addition, Assistants who utilize CampusCare have dental and vision benefits through CampusCare (see the Benefits tab on the top of the CampusCare site).'
b'Grad Assistant Dental and Vision Benefits'
b'CampusCare'
b"Teaching (TA) and Graduate (GA) Assistantship Labor Agreement:\xc2\xa0 Effective August 16, 2006, Teaching and Graduate Assistants at UIC have entered into an agreement by and between the Board of Trustees of the University of Illinois and the Graduate Employees' Organization (GEO). Administration of the agreement is handled by Office of Human Resources. Please refer to the current\xc2\xa0agreement (August 16, 2015 - August 15. 2018) to learn more about the rights and responsibilities contained therein. Please\xc2\xa0refer to\xc2\xa0the\xc2\xa0Human Resources web site for contact information. [The current agreement is in force until a new agreement is signed.]"
b'current\xc2\xa0agreement'
b'Human Resources web site for contact information'
b'Assistantships and Student Loans:\xc2\xa0\xc2\xa0An assistantship plus any loan or federal work-study eligibility cannot exceed the cost of attendance for the academic year. This is a federal rule. If applying for loans and/or work-study a Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA) must be completed.\xc2\xa0 Conulst the Office of Student Financial Aid website for more information, or make an appointment to speak with a Financial Aid Counselor.\xc2\xa0'
b'FAFSA'
b'Office of Student Financial Aid'
b"Questions About Waivers?:\xc2\xa0The Graduate College does not handle waivers attached to employment. First, are you registered for the correct number of hours? If yes: Did your department's HR person enter your appointment correctly? If yes: Contact Financial Aid."
b'Summer "roll-over" waivers must be entered manually and may not post until the second week of the Summer 2 session.'
b''
b''
b'Footer Menu'
b'Privacy Policy'
b'Support Graduate Education'
b'My UIC.EDU'
b'Contact Us'
b'UIC'
b'Follow Us'
b'RSS Feed'
b'Twitter'
b'Facebook'
b'Shibboleth login'
b'Login'
