b'Probation and Academic Dismissal | UIC Graduate College'
b'Jump to Navigation'
b'  '
b''
b''
b''
b'Follow Us'
b'RSS Feed'
b'Twitter'
b'Facebook'
b''
b'Search'
b'Topics:'
b'About Us'
b'About UIC and the Graduate College'
b'Contact Us'
b'Service and Subject Contact List'
b'Message from the Dean'
b'The Image of Research Exhibit'
b'Great Cities Commitment'
b'Research at UIC'
b'Housing on Campus & in Chicago'
b'Get Connected to UIC: Campus & Related Resources'
b'Get Connected to UIC: Chicago Resources'
b'Virtual Tour of UIC/How to Reach UIC/Visit'
b'Academics & Programs'
b'UIC Graduate College Academics & Programs'
b'Graduate and Professional Degree Programs List'
b'Certificate Programs List'
b'Program Updates and Changes'
b'Certificate in the Foundations of College Instruction'
b'Interdisciplinary Studies'
b'Course Listings'
b'Faculty Listings'
b'Graduate Catalogs'
b'Chicago Metropolitan Exchange Program'
b'Academic Calendar'
b'Final Exam Schedule'
b'Funding Your Education'
b'UIC Graduate College - Funding Your Education'
b'Graduate Funding Overview'
b'Fellowship Office Information'
b'External Fellowship Campus Deadlines'
b'Fellowship information session schedule'
b'Funding Seminars'
b'Emergency Grants'
b'Assistantships'
b'Graduate College Fellowships'
b"Dean's Scholar Fellowship"
b'Access Fellowship'
b'University Fellowship'
b'UIC Pipeline to an Inclusive Faculty (PIF) Program'
b'Graduate College Fellowship and Award Deadlines'
b'Acceptance of Offer of Financial Support - April 15'
b'Graduate College Professional Success Program (PSP) for Fellows'
b'UIC and U of I awards'
b'FMC Technologies Educational Fund'
b"Chancellor's Graduate Internship Award"
b'Annual Graduate College Outstanding Thesis and Dissertation Award'
b'Student Presenter Awards'
b'Cotutelle with Macquarie University'
b'Graduate College tuition and selected fees waivers'
b"My waiver didn't post -- what do I do?"
b'Online Funding Resources'
b'Teaching Assistant Enrichment'
b'Information about Assistantships'
b'Campus-Wide New TA Orientation'
b'International Teaching Assistants Program Home Page'
b'Foundations of College Teaching Course - GC 593'
b'Diversity Matters'
b'Office for Recruitment & Diversity Affairs'
b'Fellows Mentoring and Support Initiative'
b'The PASSAGE Scholars Program'
b'2013 IALHEA Diversity Dialogue and Research Forum'
b'Application Fee Waiver Programs'
b'Urban Health Program'
b'Graduate Pathways to Success'
b'Diversifying Higher Education Faculty in Illinois'
b'Summer Research Opportunities Program for Undergraduates'
b'Admissions'
b'Admissions to a Graduate Program'
b'Graduate College Policy on Conflicts of Interest in the Admissions Process'
b'Deadlines'
b'Degree Admission'
b'Domestic Admission'
b'International Admission'
b'Admission Status'
b'Joint-Degree Programs'
b'Nondegree Admission'
b'Changing from NonDegree to Degree'
b'Changing Programs/Adding a Second Program'
b'Confidentiality of Records'
b'Medical Immunization Requirements'
b'Nondiscrimination Policy'
b'Sexual Harassment Policy'
b'Services for Students with Disabilities'
b'Tuition, Fees and Other Charges'
b'Transfer of Credit'
b'Transfer of Credit Forms'
b'Student Info'
b'Graduate Studies: Graduate Studies Step-By-Step'
b'Orientation'
b'Graduate College New Student Orientation'
b'Graduate College Events and Workshops'
b'Career Services-Versatile PhD'
b'National Center on Faculty Development and Diversity (NCFDD)'
b'Graduate College Professional Success Program (PSP)'
b'Registration & Policies'
b'Establish Net ID and Enterprise ID'
b'Advisors'
b'Registration Procedures'
b'Registration Information'
b'Continuing Student Status'
b'Withdrawing From All Courses'
b'Auditors: Course Visitors'
b'Adding & Dropping Courses'
b'Zero Hour Registration'
b'Course Loads and Full, Three-Quarter, and Half-Time'
b'Tuition & Fees'
b'Research'
b'Changing from Non-Degree to Degree'
b'Changing Programs/Adding a Second Program'
b'Degree Requirements'
b"Master's Degrees"
b'Doctoral Degrees'
b'Grades'
b'Academic Standing/Continuation and Probation Rules'
b'Transfer of Credit'
b'Leave of Absence'
b'Transcripts'
b'Graduate College Courses'
b'Chicago Metropolitan Exchange Program'
b'Annual Assessment of Doctoral Students'
b'Grievance Procedures'
b'Exams & Defense'
b'Student Committee Conflict of Interest Statement'
b'Preliminary Exam Policies and Procedures'
b"Master's Thesis Defense"
b'Doctoral Dissertation Defense'
b'Exams & Defense Forms'
b'Thesis'
b'iThenticate Review Procedures'
b'Survey of Earned Doctorates'
b'Electronic Thesis/Dissertation'
b'Graduation & Deadlines'
b'Commencement Ceremony'
b'University Regulations'
b'FERPA/Access to Student Records'
b'TA Enrichment'
b'Information about Assistantships'
b'Campus-Wide New TA Orientation'
b'International Teaching Assistant Program (ITA)'
b'Foundations of College Teaching Course - GC 593'
b'Practicum in College Teaching Course - GC 594'
b'Teaching at UIC:  A Handbook for Teaching Assistants'
b'Center for the Advancement of Teaching-Learning Communities'
b'Forms & Publications'
b'Graduate Forms & Publications'
b'Graduate College Newsletters'
b'Graduate Student Forms'
b'Information'
b'Information For:'
b'Graduate Students'
b'Alumni'
b'Faculty/Staff'
b'Governance'
b'Graduate College Bylaws'
b'Graduate College Faculty'
b'Graduate College Elections'
b'Graduate College Executive Committee Schedule'
b'Graduate College Executive Committee Members'
b'Graduate College Awards Committee Members'
b'Graduate College Awards Committee Calendar'
b'Exhibit Advisory Board'
b'Graduate Data Resources'
b'Doctoral Student Assessment'
b'Entering Graduate Student Survey'
b'Office of Admissions and Records Reports'
b'Codes and Concentrations'
b'Graduate Mentoring Awards'
b'Student Funding & Faculty Awards Information for Faculty/Staff'
b'Student Recruitment & Admission Information for Faculty/Staff'
b'Student Information Related to Records and Registration for Faculty/Staff'
b'Other Resources'
b'Data Collection Resources'
b'Banner and Related Resources'
b'Faculty Resources'
b'Program  Resources'
b'DGS and Support Staff Meetings'
b'Online Learning'
b'Prospective Students'
b'Support Graduate Education'
b'You are here'
b'Home'
b'Probation and Academic Dismissal'
b'After students are accepted into and enroll in the Graduate College they may continue to register as long as they remain in good academic standing, make satisfactory academic progress, and are within the time limitations contained in the Graduate Catalog.Students are considered to be in good standing if they: '
b'Graduate programs may require a higher level of performance and may apply criteria in addition to those stated in Graduate College Probation and Dismissal below. It is the responsibility of the program to monitor any departmentally imposed admission conditions as well as progress toward degree requirements. Students who do not meet program standards must be notified by the program, with a copy to the Graduate College, of their deficiencies, their deadline for removing deficiencies, and the consequences of not removing the deficiencies. The DGS should notify the Graduate College when to initiate drop action for students who have not met the departmental requirements or made satisfactory progress within the prescribed amount of time. See more detail below.'
b'Limited Standing'
b'Students who are admitted on limited standing are notified of the conditions of admission in writing (a copy of the letter is simultaneously sent to the Graduate College) at the time of admission. Students are placed on limited standing for up to two semesters. A student who violates the conditions stated in the limited standing letter should be dismissed at the end of the term of the violation. The program informs the Graduate College, including the reason and justification, and the Graduate College initiates the dismissal procedure after an investigation is finalized. The program may not initiate dismissal for limited status conditions after a later term, if the student was not dismissed immediately after the term in which the violation occurred. Rarely, the Graduate College sets the exact limited status conditions. In these situations, the Graduate College may initiate dismissal if a violation of the conditions occurs.'
b'Satisfactory Progress and Other Program Requirements'
b"A program may initiate academic dismissal for a student for a variety of reasons, including failure to make satisfactory progress, violation of time-to-degree requirements, program probation policy, etc. To initiate academic dismissal, the DGS must provide the Graduate College written rationale for the dismissal, as well as a copy of the program's handbook or other written guidelines where this information was provided to the student. The rules or guidelines cited must apply to all students in the program, and must be enforced equally for all students. The program does not dismiss the student but makes the recommendation to the Graduate College. The Graduate College initiates the dismissal procedure after an investigation is finalized."
b'Graduate College Probation and Dismissal'
b'When the Degree GPA falls below 3.00 (A=4.00), students are sent a warning letter (with copies to the program) that notifies them that they have two additional terms of registration (including summer, if registered) after the warning term to raise the average to 3.00. The progress of students on probation status is reviewed each term. Students who do not remove themselves from probation status in subsequent semesters are notified of their continued grade point deficiencies until they reach the two-term deadline.'
b'Students who raise their GPA to 3.00 or above within the deadline will be removed from probation.'
b"Students who fail to raise their average to 3.00 or above within the deadline will be dismissed from the University. The Graduate College makes every effort to notify students of their dismissal in a timely fashion. Failure to receive notification, however, does not alter the student's dismissal status. Students are expected to monitor their progress in light of departmental and Graduate College policies."
b'If a student registers for only courses that are not graded A-F (i.e. courses not included in the GPA) such as research (S/U), etc., the term still counts against the time allowed to get off probation, including summer term. The situation of taking only research in summer for a student on probation would be taken in consideration for any petition for extension of probation.'
b'If the DGS determines that an extension of probation is warranted for a student who received a drop letter, the student must complete a Graduate Student Petition and obtain signatures from the advisor and DGS. The DGS must provide justification for the extension on the petition, as well as any conditions (eg. must take only courses from that department, etc.). The petition must arrive in the Graduate College no later than the start of the next term, including summer (whether or not the student will register in that term).'
b'The student must register for enough graded 400- and 500-level credit to make up the deficiency in one term. In very rare instances, a DGS may request that the student take less hours than what is required to make up the deficiency. If this request is granted by the Graduate College the student must show significant progress in making up the deficiency before a second extension would be granted. All extensions are for one term only. Future extensions are not guaranteed and would only be considered with the DGS approval and if the student shows significant progress in making up the deficiency.'
b'In BANNER, the Degree Grade Point Average is found on the SHADEGR form. Academic Standing (probation level) is on SGASTDN form. Academic Standing codes are: 01=warning; 02=first term probation; 03= pending drop; 04=1st extension; 05=pending drop; 06=2nd extension; 07 and 09=pending drop. Pending drop codes are temporary and are changed to an extension code listed above or to Drop. Once the final Drop is posted on SGASTDN the student will no longer be able to register.'
b"It is the student's responsibility to monitor his/her own progress in light of Graduate College policies. While the Graduate College does issue probation and dismissal notices and guidelines to both students and their DGS, failure to receive such notice does not change the student's probation or dismissal status."
b'See also Admissions - Admission Status, Degree Grade Point Average and Holds on Students/Related Registration Blocks.\n'
b'Admissions - Admission Status'
b'Degree Grade Point Average'
b'Holds on Students/Related Registration Blocks'
b''
b''
b'Footer Menu'
b'Privacy Policy'
b'Support Graduate Education'
b'My UIC.EDU'
b'Contact Us'
b'UIC'
b'Follow Us'
b'RSS Feed'
b'Twitter'
b'Facebook'
b'Shibboleth login'
b'Login'
