b'Home'
b''
b''
b'Login'
b'Civil Service Positions'
b'Help'
b'All Jobs'
b'Chicago Campus'
b'DSCC'
b'Peoria'
b'Rockford'
b'UI Health'
b'UI Health Nursing'
b'Search Jobs'
b'Welcome'
b'Welcome to the University of Illinois at Chicago (UIC) and University of Illinois Hospital & Health Sciences System Human Resources employment website. Employees at UIC and the UI Health System work for one of the premier public institutions of higher education and healthcare in the nation and the world. Please view our job openings for our various vacancies by clicking one of the Job links in the menu bar at the top of this page.'
b'Applicant Login'
b'Forgot User Name or Password?'
b'\xc2\xa0'
b''
b'\xc2\xa0DO NOT create a new account if you have ever started an application with the University in the past. If you do not know your User Name, contact the UIC Human Resources Help Desk at (312) 413-4848 or uichrhelpdesk@uillinois.edu\xc2\xa0before continuing.'
b'uichrhelpdesk@uillinois.edu'
b'\xc2\xa0'
b'Create account'
b'Create account'
b'Upcoming System Outages:'
b'The UIC Job Board may be unavailable during the following dates and times due to network maintenance.\xc2\xa0 Please make note of these times so that you ensure you meet any application deadlines. All times refer to the Central Time Zone.'
b'There currently are no scheduled outages.'
b'Thank you.'
b'\xc2\xa0'
b'\xc2\xa0'
b'oaeada@uic.edu'
b'Notice to applicants of availability of the Affirmative Action Plan'
b'Equal Employment Opportunity is the Law'
b'The University of Illinois at Chicago is pleased to share the Annual Security & Fire Safety Report with all current and prospective employees. The report contains information regarding campus security and personal safety including topics such as: crime prevention, public safety authority, crime reporting policies, fire safety, disciplinary procedures, and fire statistics in UIC residential facilities and crime statistics for the three previous calendar years. The full text of this report is available online on the UIC Clery Website at clery.uic.edu. Current and prospective employees may obtain a paper copy of the report from the UIC HR Welcome Center, located at the Human Resources Building, 715 South Wood Street, Room 109, Chicago, IL 60612 or by calling (312) 996-0840.'
b'Annual Security & Fire Safety Report'
b'clery.uic.edu'
b''
b''
b'Support'
b'Employment Notices '
b'Notice of Availability of the UIC Annual Security and Fire Safety Report'
b'Copyright 2016 The Board of Trustees of the University of Illinois | Web Privacy Statement'
