b'Information for Guidance Counselors | UIC Admissions'
b'\n '
b'Explore UIC'
b'Book a Visit'
b'Events'
b'Apply'
b'Information for Guidance Counselors'
b'Home'
b'Explore UIC'
b'You are here'
b'Home'
b'Explore UIC'
b'You are here'
b'Welcome Counselors'
b'When it comes to guiding students through the college application process, we know you play an important role. Below are some helpful facts to know when speaking with students who are considering UIC.\xc2\xa0'
b'Please call us at (312) 996-4350 with additional questions.'
b'2018\xc2\xa0Counselor Lunch Follow Up'
b"Chancellor's Fellows (pdf)"
b'Financial Aid (pdf)'
b'priority date page'
b'2018\xc2\xa0Admission Updates'
b'priority for scholarships'
b'2018 Academic\xc2\xa0Program\xc2\xa0Updates'
b'\xe2\x80\x8bMore updates can be found in our Counselor Update 2018\xc2\xa0brochure.\xc2\xa0Contact us\xc2\xa0to request a copy.'
b'Contact us'
b'UIC Admissions reports for Illinois high school counselors'
b'online request form for counselors'
b'UIC Codes:\xc2\xa0'
b'Resources on the admission process.'
b'admission requirements.'
b'tuition and financial aid.'
b'application process.'
b'applying after the deadline'
b'\xc2\xa0AP, IB, CLEP\xc2\xa0credit'
b'newly admitted students'
b'Show your students what UIC is all about.\xc2\xa0'
b"As a major public research university with 30,000 students, 15 top-ranking colleges\xc2\xa0and a prime location in one of the country's most vibrant cities, UIC offers something for every student."
b'Explore UIC.'
b'academic programs'
b'visit campus'
b'group visits.'
b'\xc2\xa0'
b'\xc2\xa0'
b'Counselor FAQs'
b'How do I access the online School Forms? '
b'Counselors interested in using the online School Forms should provide their students with a valid email address through which they can receive an invitation and notifications regarding the School Forms. If an applicant chooses not to provide a counselor\xe2\x80\x99s email address when they assign the School Forms, then they are considered to have opted out of the electronic submission method and instructed to turn in hard copies of the forms to their counselor for submission.'
b'Is assigning the School Forms required by the applicant? When are the School Forms assigned?'
b'Yes, applicants must assign the School Forms in order to complete and submit their Common Application. Applicants must have completed the \xe2\x80\x9cEducation\xe2\x80\x9d section of the Common Application before they can authorize the release of and assign the School Forms.'
b'Is the School Report required? '
b'Yes, the School Report form is a required component of the Common Application. However, UIC does not require you to submit a full, personalized recommendation letter for each of your students and will not make an application incomplete if the School Report is not received.'
b'Do I need to write a letter of recommendation for every student?'
b'No, you may select either of the "opt-out" options rather than writing an individual recommendation for every student. Applicants will not be penalized if their counselor is unable or chooses not to supply a recommendation. Counselor recommendations, just like personal statements, are often beneficial during our review process but they can never hurt an applicant\'s chances of admission.'
b'If neither of the "opt-out" options accurately describes my relationship with my student, how should I proceed? '
b'UIC understands that counselors may be uncomfortable selecting either of the "opt-out" options on the School Report. We are unfortunately unable to change any of the language on the Common Application. We would like to emphasize that applicants will not be penalized either way. General recommendations, even if written and submitted to another university, are perfectly acceptable.'
b'Are general letters of recommendation acceptable? '
b'Yes, UIC and all other Common Application schools are willing to accept general recommendation letters that may have been written or submitted to other institutions. The review committee will not hold it against an applicant if their recommendation addresses another institution or does not specifically address the applicant\xe2\x80\x99s interest in UIC.'
b'Will not submitting a recommendation have a negative impact on an application? '
b"No, UIC has not required letters of recommendation in the past and will not require them as we switch to the Common Application. Students will not be penalized in any way if recommendation letters are not submitted. Letters of recommendation will continue to be used as a positive consideration but if not submitted, will not negatively affect a student's chances of being admitted."
b'How can transcripts be submitted?'
b'Electronic submission is preferred. Electronically submit transcripts by attaching them to the Common Application School Report or through a separate submission service such as Docufide or E-Script.'
b'How can a fee waiver be requested? '
b'UIC will accept either the NACAC or CollegeBoard fee waiver request forms for First-Year applications. Both forms must be signed and submitted by the high school counselor. The NACAC form can be submitted electronically through the Common Application School Forms as long as the applicant supplied their counselor\xe2\x80\x99s email address when assigning the School Forms. Those applicants who opted out of the electronic School Forms process are instructed by the Common Application to supply a paper copy of the waiver request to their counselor for submission.'
b'How can I check the status of an application for one of my students? '
b'The School Forms system shows basic status information for each of your students, including the type of application and date of submission. Counselors are also invited to contact the Office of Admissions at (312) 996-4350 to discuss missing credentials, issues with the application or to check the status of an application. We encourage applicants to call our office themselves to discuss specific decisions or to edit personal information from the application.'
b'Related Resources Links'
b'Visit Campus'
b'Explore UIC'
b'Contact Admissions'
b'Deadlines and Requirements'
b'UnderGraduate'
b'Graduate & Professional '
b'Office of Admissions'
b'1200 West Harrison Street\nChicago, IL 60607-7161\nPhone: (312)\xc2\xa0996-4350Contact UIC Admissions'
b'Contact UIC Admissions'
b'Mailing Address'
b'Undergraduate'
b'Office of Undergraduate Admissions (MC 018)\xc2\xa0\nUniversity of Illinois at Chicago\xc2\xa0\n1200 West Harrison Street, Suite 1100\nChicago, IL 60607-7161\xc2\xa0Contact Undergraduate Admissions\xc2\xa0'
b'Contact Undergraduate Admissions'
b'\xc2\xa0'
b'Graduate & Professional'
b'The graduate and professional application process is paperless. Please do not mail materials unless expressly requested.Contact Graduate and Professional Admissions'
b'Contact Graduate and Professional Admissions'
b''
b''
b'Privacy Statement'
b'Nondiscrimination Statement'
b'Site Map'
b'Accessibility'
b'Site Home'
b'UIC Home'
b'Login'
b'Webmaster'
b'Copyright \xc2\xa9 2018 The Board of Trustees of the University of Illinois'
b'Facebook'
b'Twitter'
b'YouTube'
b'Accessibility'
b'CookieSettings'
b'Default'
b'Default'
