b'Requirements & Deadlines | UIC Admissions'
b'\n '
b'Explore UIC'
b'Book a Visit'
b'Events'
b'Apply'
b'Requirements & Deadlines'
b'Home'
b'Undergraduate'
b'You are here'
b'Home'
b'Undergraduate'
b'You are here'
b'Countdown to Commit\nUIC Class of 2022'
b'Complete your Intent to Enroll'
b'Translations'
b'Arabic'
b'Chinese'
b'Indonesian'
b'Korean'
b'Portuguese'
b'Spanish'
b'Thai'
b'Turkish'
b'Vietnamese'
b'What type of applicant are you?'
b'First Year'
b'Current high school students (including those with college credit) or high school graduates who have not attended a college/university.'
b'Deadlines'
b'First Year Requirements'
b'Transfer'
b'Students who have earned college credit since graduating from high school.'
b'Deadlines'
b'Transfer Requirements'
b'International'
b'Students who have studied at a foreign secondary school or university or require a visa to study in the U.S.'
b'Deadlines\nSame as First Year or Transfer'
b'International Requirements'
b'Readmission'
b'Former degree-seeking undergraduate students returning after two or more terms away from the university.'
b'Deadlines\nSame as Transfer'
b'Readmission Requirements'
b"Second Bachelor's Degree"
b'Applicants who have already earned a bachelor\xe2\x80\x99s degree and want to pursue a second degree in a different field.'
b'Deadlines\nSame as Transfer'
b"Second Bachelor's Requirements"
b'Nondegree'
b'Applicants wishing to take UIC courses without working towards a UIC degree.'
b'Deadlines\nSame as Transfer'
b'Nondegree Requirements'
b'All deadlines'
b'Related Resources Links'
b'Summer Session'
b'Honors College'
b'Guaranteed Professional Program Admissions (GPPA)'
b'Programs of Study'
b'NOTICE OF AVAILABILITY OF THE UIC ANNUAL SECURITY AND FIRE SAFETY REPORT'
b'The University of Illinois at Chicago is pleased to share the Annual Security & Fire Safety Report with all prospective students. The report contains information regarding campus security and personal safety including topics such as: crime prevention, public safety authority, crime reporting policies, fire safety, disciplinary procedures, and fire statistics in UIC residential facilities and crime statistics for the three previous calendar years.  The full text of this report is available online on the UIC Clery Website at clery.uic.edu. If you would like to receive a copy on paper, visit the Office of Preparedness & Response, located at 1140 South Paulina Street, Suite 109, Chicago, IL 60612.'
b'Annual Security & Fire Safety Report'
b'clery.uic.edu'
b'UnderGraduate'
b'Graduate & Professional '
b'Office of Admissions'
b'1200 West Harrison Street\nChicago, IL 60607-7161\nPhone: (312)\xc2\xa0996-4350Contact UIC Admissions'
b'Contact UIC Admissions'
b'Mailing Address'
b'Undergraduate'
b'Office of Undergraduate Admissions (MC 018)\xc2\xa0\nUniversity of Illinois at Chicago\xc2\xa0\n1200 West Harrison Street, Suite 1100\nChicago, IL 60607-7161\xc2\xa0Contact Undergraduate Admissions\xc2\xa0'
b'Contact Undergraduate Admissions'
b'\xc2\xa0'
b'Graduate & Professional'
b'The graduate and professional application process is paperless. Please do not mail materials unless expressly requested.Contact Graduate and Professional Admissions'
b'Contact Graduate and Professional Admissions'
b''
b''
b'Privacy Statement'
b'Nondiscrimination Statement'
b'Site Map'
b'Accessibility'
b'Site Home'
b'UIC Home'
b'Login'
b'Webmaster'
b'Copyright \xc2\xa9 2018 The Board of Trustees of the University of Illinois'
b'Facebook'
b'Twitter'
b'YouTube'
b'Accessibility'
b'CookieSettings'
b'Default'
b'Default'
