b'Graduate Study at UIC < University of Illinois at Chicago'
b'Skip to Content'
b'AZ Index'
b'Catalog Home'
b'Institution Home'
b'Academic Catalog'
b'Academic Catalog'
b'Undergraduate Catalog'
b'Graduate Catalog'
b'Print / Download Options'
b'UIC Home'
b'The University of Illinois at Chicago'
b'Catalog Navigation'
b'Catalog Navigation'
b'Graduate Catalog'
b'Academic Calendar'
b'The University'
b'Graduate Study at UIC'
b'Graduate Study at UIC'
b'Degree Programs'
b'Colleges &\xe2\x80\x8b Schools'
b'Graduate Course Descriptions'
b'Graduate College'
b'Graduate Faculty'
b'Archive &\xe2\x80\x8b Links'
b'Graduate College Website'
b'Home'
b'Graduate\xc2\xa0Catalog'
b'Graduate\xc2\xa0Study\xc2\xa0at\xc2\xa0UIC'
b'Graduate Study at UIC'
b'Mailing Address: Graduate College601 South Morgan Street (MC 192)Chicago, IL 60607-7106'
b'Contact Information: \nCampus Location: 606 University Hall\n(312) 413-2550\ngradcoll@uic.edu\ngrad.uic.edu\n'
b'gradcoll@uic.edu'
b'grad.uic.edu'
b'Administration: Dean of the Graduate College: Karen J. ColleyAssociate Deans: Jonathan Art, Laura JunkerExecutive Assistant Dean: Steven KragonAssistant Dean: Lunaire Ford'
b'Contents'
b'Graduate Studies'
b'Admissions'
b'Application Procedures'
b'Financial Aid'
b'Enrollment'
b'Grades'
b'Leave of Absence'
b'Special Enrollment Categories\xe2\x80\x94Visitors/Auditors'
b'Petitions'
b'Registration'
b'Transfer Credit'
b'Degree Requirements'
b'University Regulations'
b'Tuition, Fees, and Other Charges'
b'Withdrawal from the University'
b'Financial Obligations and Refunds'
b'Transcripts'
b'Graduate Studies'
b''
b'The Graduate College of the University of Illinois at Chicago is made up of faculty members from various disciplinary colleges in the university. In conjunction with their disciplinary colleges and under the guidelines of the Graduate College, these faculty members offer advanced academic and research programs for highly qualified postbaccalaureate students. All students admitted to a master\xe2\x80\x99s program (except the Master of Business Administration, the Master of Engineering, the Master of Public Health, or the Master of Social Work programs) or a doctoral program (except the Doctor of Dental Medicine, Doctor of Medicine, Doctor of Nursing Practice, Doctor of Occupational Therapy, Doctor of Pharmacy, Doctor of Physical Therapy, or the Doctor of Public Health at UIC) are enrolled in the Graduate College.'
b"Master's Degrees"
b'The following master\xe2\x80\x99s degrees are offered through the Graduate College at UIC: the Master of Architecture, the Master of Arts, the Master of Design, the Master of Education, the Master of Energy Engineering, the Master of Fine Arts, the Master of Health Professions Education, the Master of Healthcare Administration, the Master of Public Administration, the Master of Science, the Master of Arts in Teaching (History), the Master of Science in Teaching (Mathematics), and the Master of Urban Planning and Policy.'
b'Doctoral Degrees'
b'The Doctor of Philosophy (PhD) at UIC places traditional emphasis on the advancement of knowledge through independent research in the candidate\xe2\x80\x99s chosen field and the presentation of an original thesis. The degree is intended primarily for those who want the highest level of research training and who wish to pursue careers in colleges and universities, research institutes, and public agencies or industrial and business organizations.'
b'The Doctor of Arts (DA) is a professional degree for college teachers and instructional designers. It combines the rigor and high level of scholarship in the subject matter of the Doctor of Philosophy with the acquisition of special skills in modern instructional methods. The program is designed to provide training through special courses and thesis research in such areas as curriculum design, teaching methodology, the creation of instructional materials, computer-assisted instruction, and educational evaluation. The Doctor of Arts is offered in the Department of Mathematics.'
b'The Doctor of Education (EdD) offers advanced professional studies in education leadership. It is intended for students who wish to assume leadership positions in elementary and secondary schools and in postsecondary institutions. Options are available for general leadership studies, or for study leading to Illinois school administrative certification. This program is offered by the College of Education.'
b'Joint Degree Programs'
b'UIC offers students the opportunity to pursue more than one graduate degree at the same time, either through one of our approved joint degree programs, or through concurrent enrollment in more than one UIC program. Approved joint degree programs share a defined number of courses that are applied to both degrees. Joint degree programs currently available through the Graduate College are:'
b'Applicants who wish to apply to more than one degree program must submit a separate application for each department involved, even if applying to an approved joint degree program. Applicants applying to more than one program should indicate on all applications submitted that they intend to pursue more than one degree at a time. Only one application fee per term and only one set of transcripts is required for applicants applying to more than one graduate program.'
b'Directors of Graduate Studies'
b'Each graduate program has a director of graduate studies (DGS) who is responsible for overseeing program development, evaluating applications for admission to the Graduate College, advising graduate students, and evaluating student progress. The director of graduate studies is listed at the beginning of each program entry in this catalog.'
b'Academic Year'
b'The academic year at UIC consists of two 16-week semesters (including the final examination periods) that begin in August (fall semester) and January (spring semester), and summer sessions that begin in mid-May and continue to August. The summer session consists of a four-week session followed by an eight-week session. Within the fall and spring terms, certain courses are offered during either the first eight weeks (part of term A) or second eight weeks (part of term B). The Registrar\xe2\x80\x99s website details registration policy and procedure. In some\xc2\xa0 programs, a student may seek admission to any academic term; however, the scheduling in many programs makes it desirable or necessary that students enter in the fall term.'
b'Registrar\xe2\x80\x99s website'
b'Campus Hours'
b'Hours of instruction at UIC begin at 8:00 a.m., Monday through Friday. Many programs offer classes in the late afternoon and evening. Administrative offices are open between 8:30 a.m. and 4:45 p.m., Monday through Friday.'
b'Admissions'
b'Admissions'
b'Applicants are considered on an individual basis. Admission decisions are made in compliance with the University of Illinois Nondiscrimination Statement listed in this catalog and on the Graduate College website.'
b'Graduate College website'
b'Prospective students should consult the appropriate section(s) of this catalog for the specific admission requirements of each program.'
b'Conflicts of Interest in the Admissions Process'
b'The Graduate College recognizes that the graduate admissions process does not, and should not, operate \xe2\x80\x9cblindly.\xe2\x80\x9d Programs and faculty members frequently recruit students of whom they have direct knowledge. Furthermore, the admission process for a doctoral program will frequently take into account the \xe2\x80\x9cfit\xe2\x80\x99 between a prospective graduate student\xe2\x80\x99s interests and those of the faculty in the program. However, the admissions process should, and should be seen to, take into account only academic and programmatic considerations when admitting and recruiting students.'
b'Program faculty participating in the graduate admissions process shall recuse themselves in any case where they have, or appear to have, a conflict of interest concerning the applicant. A conflict of interest is present if the faculty may have an interest in the outcome (admission or rejection) other than the recruitment of the most qualified applicants. This includes, in particular, any situation where there is the possibility that a faculty member might employ a prospective graduate student in a non-university activity, such as a consulting firm, biotechnology company, etc. Particular care must be taken when voting on the admission of students whose qualifications are in any fashion marginal.'
b'Refer to the Graduate College website for further information on conflicts of interest in the admissions process.'
b'further information on conflicts of interest in the admissions process'
b'Acceptance of Offer of Financial Support'
b'The University of Illinois at Chicago follows the national practice of allowing admitted students until April 15 to accept offers of financial support for the upcoming academic year. Students are under no obligation to respond to offers of financial support prior to April 15.'
b'For further information refer to the Graduate College website.'
b'Graduate College website'
b'Degree Admissions'
b'Degree admissions are classified as either full or limited status. Students admitted on limited standing are those admitted on a provisional basis. Requirements for limited standing admission must be approved and supported by the Graduate College. The Graduate College with the advice of the graduate program sets the conditions for limited standing.'
b'The Graduate College minimum requirements for full status degree admission are as follows:'
b'Graduate Study by UIC Undergraduate Seniors'
b'Note: The above requirements are the minimum Graduate College requirements for admission as a degree student; most programs have additional requirements. Consult the appropriate section(s) of this catalog for the specific admission requirements of each program.'
b'Limited status is a probationary status for degree students who have not met all of the admission requirements, such as those who have less than a 2.75/4.00 undergraduate grade point average; have specified course deficiencies to be removed; must submit additional credentials required by the program (such as letters of recommendation or admissions test scores); or are UIC seniors within 8 semester hours of earning the baccalaureate at the time of matriculation.'
b'A department can recommend that a student be admitted on limited status to the Graduate College. The Graduate College makes the final decision.'
b'To admit applicants on limited status, the graduate program will recommend to the Graduate College specific conditions for admission. Graduate College approval is required for admission of limited students. Students can be admitted on limited status for no more than two semesters (including summer) or 16 semester hours, whichever occurs earlier. Graduate programs may specify shorter time limits. If the conditions are not met within the time limit, the program will notify the Graduate College and the student will be dismissed from the Graduate College.'
b'Graduate Study by UIC Undergraduate Seniors'
b'Graduate Study by UIC Undergraduate Seniors'
b'With the approval of the graduate program, the undergraduate or professional college, and the Graduate College, UIC students in their last year of study for an undergraduate degree may be admitted to the Graduate College if they are within 8 semester hours of earning the baccalaureate at the time of matriculation. These students will be admitted on limited status for no more than two terms in residence, pending completion of the baccalaureate. These students register as graduate students and are eligible for fellowships, assistantships, and graduate tuition waivers. Courses used to fulfill undergraduate degree requirements are transferred back to the undergraduate college and cannot be applied to a graduate degree.'
b'Applicants who are admitted to limited status pending completion of their bachelor\xe2\x80\x99s degree must be awarded the undergraduate degree within two terms in residence. If this condition is not satisfied, graduate admission is cancelled and the student is transferred back to the undergraduate college.'
b'Application Procedures'
b'Application Procedures'
b'Application is through an online form which may be accessed on the admissions page of the Graduate College website. Applications and supporting credentials should be submitted as early as possible. Applications will not be accepted after the deadline. Some graduate programs have application deadlines that are earlier than the university deadline, and some admit students only in certain terms. Prospective applicants should consult the Graduate College deadlines or contact the program of interest for information on current deadlines.'
b'Application is through an online form'
b'Graduate College deadlines'
b'Unless specified by the academic program to which an applicant is applying, all credentials required for admission are uploaded via the UIC Office of Graduate Admissions website. This includes both university requirements (transcripts and related documentation, application fee) and program-specific requirements (letters of recommendation, personal statement, etc.). Consult the specific graduate program website for detailed information on requirements.'
b'UIC Office of Graduate Admissions website'
b'Admission recommendations cannot be made until all required documents have been received.'
b'Domestic Applicants'
b'Applicants to programs other than the professional degree programs (Business Administration [MBA], Engineering [MEngr], Public Health [MPH, DrPH], and Social Work [MSW]) submit the following materials online via the Graduate Admissions application process unless directed otherwise by the program:'
b'document upload guide'
b'International Applicants'
b'Applicants to programs other than the DrPH, MBA, MEngr, MPH, or MSW programs submit the following materials online via the Graduate Admissions application process unless directed otherwise by the program:'
b'document upload guide'
b'UIC Office of International Services website'
b'Applicants who have completed studies outside the United States must present all postsecondary school credentials. Such credentials must include a record of all studies completed to date, grades or examination results received (including failing as well as passing grades), maximum and minimum grades obtainable, rank in class, degrees, diplomas, and certificates earned, and length of the school year. Documents must be authentic, and those not written in English must be accompanied by certified English translations. Copies are acceptable when certified as authentic by the issuing institution. Official documents should be sent directly to UIC by the issuing institution.'
b"Applicants whose native language is not English must take either the Test of English as a Foreign Language (TOEFL); the exam of the International English Language Testing System (IELTS); or Pearson's PTE-Academic exam. The test score cannot be more than two years old."
b'The TOEFL is administered by the Educational Testing Service, Box 899, Princeton, NJ 08540. The Graduate College requires a total score of at least 80 for the Internet-based (iBT), with minimum subscores of Writing 21, Speaking 20, Listening 17, and Reading 19; a minimum score of 60, with subscores of Reading 19, Listening 17, Writing 21 for the New Paper-Based (after August 2018); or a minimum score of 550 for the Institutional Paper-Based (prior to August 2018). Many departments have higher minimum TOEFL requirements. Consult the department listing for details. UIC\xe2\x80\x99s Institutional Code is 1851.'
b'The IELTS is administered by the International English Language Testing System and is jointly managed by the British Council, IDP: IELTS Australia and the University of Cambridge ESOL Examinations (Cambridge ESOL) through more than 500 locations in 120 countries. The Graduate College requires a minimum total score of 6.5 and minimum subscores of 6.0 for each of the four sections. Many departments have higher minimum IELTS requirements. Consult the department listing for details. Applicants should upload IELTS test results via the online application process. The Admissions Office verifies test scores directly with IELTS.'
b"The Pearson's PTE-Academic is administered by Pearson. The Graduate College requires a minimum PTE-Academic score of 54, with subscores of Reading 51, Speaking 53, Listening 47, and Writing 56. UIC's mailing address for PTE-Academic results is: UIC Office of Graduate Admissions (MC 018), Box 7994, Chicago, Illinois 60680-7994."
b"The TOEFL, IELTS, and Pearson's PTE are given at regularly scheduled intervals at testing centers throughout the world. In addition, Pearson's PTE offers somewhat flexible scheduling. Information on testing dates, locations, and the testing fee may be obtained at American embassies and consulate offices of the U.S. Educational Foundation (also consult ETS,\xc2\xa0 International English Language Testing System (IELTS), and Pearson's PTE Academic. The TOEFL, IELTS, or Pearson's PTE examination is not required for students who have completed at least two academic years of full-time study in a country where English is the native language and in a school where English is the language of instruction within five years of the proposed date of enrollment in the university."
b'ETS'
b'International English Language Testing System (IELTS)'
b"Pearson's PTE Academic"
b'International applicants granted admission to the university, where applicable, will receive visa request documents from the Office of International Services to assist in the application for a visa to enter the United States. Official admission letters are sent from the Office of Admissions. International applicants admitted to online programs are not eligible to receive a student visa or I-20.'
b'International students must be able to finance themselves fully, including room and board, tuition, books, other expenses, and travel to and from the United States. Only a limited number of assistantships are available, so applicants should not plan on any financial assistance from UIC unless they receive a written offer of aid from a department.'
b'All international applicants who plan to finance the cost of attending UIC from personal resources must certify that they will have available sufficient funds to cover their academic and living expenses for the academic year, plus living expenses for a summer. The exact amount required is set each year by the University of Illinois Board of Trustees. The amount is subject to change depending on tuition and room/board changes. The appropriate certification form can be obtained from the Office of International Services website. Applicants who are unable to provide satisfactory evidence of adequate finances or who have not sent a notarized certified statement verifying funds available and their source will not be granted admission. Official admission letters and visa documents cannot be sent until certification is received.'
b'certification form'
b'International students may apply for fellowships, assistantships, and tuition waivers. These financial aids are awarded on the basis of outstanding scholarship and academic merit. Contact the director of graduate studies of the program of interest for more information. If awarded, this aid is included in the total funds that the international applicant is required to have for proof of sufficient finances.'
b'Illinois state law requires that the university attest to the English proficiency of all classroom instructors, including teaching assistants. Teaching assistants who are not native speakers of English (regardless of their citizenship status) must have their oral English proficiency assessed by the International Teaching Assistant Program Office (ITA). The method of assessing English proficiency may include standardized tests and/or interviews. Only after the ITA Program Office certifies in writing that the student has sufficient oral English proficiency to provide classroom instruction will the student be able to teach.'
b'International Teaching Assistant Program Office (ITA)'
b'Nondegree Applicants'
b'Nondegree status is designed for two types of applicants who hold the baccalaureate:'
b'The Graduate College minimum requirements for nondegree admission are as follows:'
b'Some programs require additional credentials for nondegree admission, and some programs do not admit nondegree students. Applicants can be admitted as nondegree, but remain ineligible to register for certain classes. It is the responsibility of the applicants to contact the program offering the course(s) to determine their eligibility to enroll.'
b'Changing from Nondegree to Degree'
b'Nondegree graduate students interested in changing to degree status must submit a Graduate College Application online. All application credentials must be on file before the change to degree status will be considered. The application and all credentials must be submitted by the degree application deadline of the program to which the student is applying.'
b'No more than 12 semester hours of credit earned as a nondegree student can be transferred into the degree program. Students must file a petition for the transfer of nondegree credit, and must be approved by the academic degree program and the Graduate College; only graduate-level courses taken in the last six years in which a grade of A or B was earned will be considered. See Transfer Credit for more information.'
b'Transfer Credit'
b'Note: Admission to nondegree status does not obligate the Graduate College or any graduate program to later admit a student to a degree program.'
b'Changing Academic Programs/Adding a Second Program'
b'Currently enrolled graduate students who wish to change to or add a second degree program, or change between master\xe2\x80\x99s and doctoral levels within a program, must submit a completed Request for Change of Graduate Program form to the Graduate College at least two weeks prior to the term for which the change is requested, although some programs may have an earlier deadline. This form must be signed by both the old and new departments, and for international students on an F-1, J-1, or J-2 visa, the Office of International Services. Students should meet with the director of graduate studies of the new program to discuss procedures, deadlines, and credentials required. A Petition for Transfer Credit listing all previously completed courses accepted by the new department should be attached to the Request for Change form, if applicable.'
b'Students must use the Request for Change of Graduate Program form to transfer within the Graduate College or between the Graduate College and the MBA Program, the Master of Engineering Program, the Master of Public Health, the Doctor of Public Health, or the Master of Social Work Program. Complete instructions and deadlines are provided on the back of the form.'
b'Request for Change of Graduate Program form'
b'Financial Aid'
b'Financial Aid'
b'The University of Illinois at Chicago offers six basic types of financial aid for graduate students: fellowships, assistantships, tuition-and-selected-fee waivers, traineeships, loans, and employment. Applicants for these types of aid must be admitted to a graduate degree program or have a completed application pending. Eligibility for loans is determined by the Office of Student Financial Aid. Applicants for loans should go directly to the Office of Student Financial Aid. Applications for fellowships, assistantships, and tuition/fee waivers are available in the department office, the Graduate College Office, and on the Graduate College website. In the administration of these programs and in selecting students for participation in them, the University of Illinois at Chicago adheres to the Nondiscrimination Statement printed in this catalog and on the Office for Access and Equity website.'
b'Office for Access and Equity website'
b'Fellowships and Awards'
b'Fellowship stipends are awarded in recognition of scholarly achievement and promise. They enable students to pursue graduate studies and research without a service requirement. The stipends of different fellowships vary. Unless explicitly stated otherwise, the following fellows supported by the Graduate College receive a tuition-and-selected-fee waiver: University Fellowships, University/Deiss Fellowships, Dean\xe2\x80\x99s Scholar, Abraham Lincoln Fellowships, and Diversifying Higher Education Faculty in Illinois (DFI). Fellows may engage in paid employment only to the extent permitted by the award and approved in writing by the dean of the Graduate College.'
b"The following fellowships are available through the Graduate College: University Fellowships, University/Deiss Fellowships, Dean\xe2\x80\x99s Scholar Award, Abraham Lincoln Graduate Fellowships,and the Diversifying Higher Education Faculty in Illinois (DFI) Fellowships. The Graduate College also offers the Provost\xe2\x80\x99s Award and the Deiss Provost\xe2\x80\x99s Award to support graduate student research projects. In addition,\xc2\xa0 the Provost's Graduate Internship Award and the Provost's Graduate Research Award are offered. Please refer to the Funding Your Education page on the Graduate College website for more information. Additionally, students may consult the Graduate College\xe2\x80\x99s Fellowships and Awards Coordinator for information on all types of graduate funding. The coordinator assists students in finding external funding opportunities and aids them with their applications. Please refer to the Graduate College Fellowship Office Information web page for more information."
b'Funding Your Education page on the Graduate College website'
b'Fellowship Office Information web page'
b'Assistantships'
b'The colleges, graduate programs, administrative offices, and research centers appoint graduate students as teaching, research, or graduate assistants.'
b"Graduate College's Assistantships web page"
b"Graduate College's Assistantships web page"
b'Board of Trustees Tuition-and-Fee Waiver'
b'UIC provides a limited reserve of Board of Trustees (BOT) waivers to the UIC Graduate College, which are awarded to programs in three ways: allocated number per semester, for students who have won individual internal and external fellowships, and for students selected for external training grants by programs. (These are distinct from the tuition-and-fee waivers allocated with assistantships.) Students who are interested in receiving a waiver must speak to the director of graduate studies for their program. All waivers are requested by the academic program and conveyed to the Graduate College. A student holding a BOT waiver must fulfill certain registration requirements. The student must also be in good standing. Tuition, the service fee, the health service fee, a portion of the health insurance fee, the library and information technology assessment, and the academic facilities maintenance fund assessment are waived as well as any differential tuition when assessed; the remainder of the health insurance fee and other fees are the student\xe2\x80\x99s responsibility. Part-time BOT waivers are available to those in specific programs designated by the Graduate College.'
b'Students with a BOT waiver must register for at least 12 hours per semester (6 in the summer term). If a student drops below 12 hours of registration at any time during the semester (or 6 hours in the summer term), the waiver is rescinded and the student is billed the tuition, service fee, health service fee, library and information technology assessment, the academic facilities maintenance fund assessment, and the differential when assessed. Students who hold a BOT waiver due to having received a fellowship or being put on a training grant need to consult with the Graduate College if they wish to hold any sort of assistantship while on the fellowship, and the Graduate College reserves the right to refuse the request or rescind the BOT waiver. Students who hold a departmental allocated BOT waiver are not permitted to simultaneously hold any sort of assistantship, but may accept part-time employment, not to exceed twenty hours a week, within the university.'
b'Other Sources of Financial Aid'
b'Training grants are awarded to graduate programs to support student involvement in specific activities. The grant may support students with stipends and/or tuition-and-selected-fee waivers. To be eligible, students must be admitted to a graduate degree program or have a completed application pending. Students should contact the director of graduate studies in their program for information on the availability of traineeships. Many training grants support students from related departments, and are interdisciplinary in nature.'
b'Various industrial firms, foundations, and private individuals have generously donated funds to support a number of special fellowships for graduate students at the University of Illinois at Chicago. The stipends and supplemental allowances of these fellowships are not uniform, and most are restricted to students in particular areas of study. Students should contact the director of graduate studies in their program for information on the availability of special fellowships.'
b'The Illinois Veterans Scholarship covers the admissions application fee, tuition, and a small varying portion of the service fee. Contact the Office of Student Financial Aid, Room 1800, 1200 West Harrison Street, (312) 996-3126, for more information and applications. Students should bring a copy of their DD-214 when submitting an application.'
b'UIC\xe2\x80\x99s Office of Student Financial Aid (OSFA) awards and coordinates assistance from a variety of federal and state financial aid programs. Graduate students are eligible for Federal Stafford Loans, Graduate Plus Loans, Federal Work Study, and private loans.'
b'Applicants for financial aid awarded through the OSFA must be U.S. citizens or permanent residents and must have applied for admission to a degree-granting program of the university. To receive assistance, students must be admitted to and enrolled in a degree-granting program.'
b'Students may also consult the external fellowship coordinator in the Graduate College for further information about outside sources of funding opportunities.'
b'external fellowship coordinator in the Graduate College'
b'Enrollment'
b'Enrollment'
b'Graduate students are governed by the policies of the University of Illinois at Chicago, the Graduate College, their disciplinary (line) college, and their department, and they are expected to become familiar with these policies. The Graduate Catalog in effect when the student begins enrollment in a degree program is the primary source of information on Graduate College policies pertaining to the student. Many of the university and departmental policies are listed in this catalog, and most programs have policy manuals for graduate students. When a department requirement is approved by and exceeds that of the Graduate College, it replaces the Graduate College standard.'
b'Adding and Dropping Courses'
b'Students may not add or drop a course after the tenth day of instruction in a semester unless approved by the director of graduate studies and the Graduate College. Please check the Office of the Registrar website for the summer session deadlines.'
b'Office of the Registrar website for the summer session deadlines'
b'No refund of tuition will be issued for a drop after the tenth day of instruction regardless of final deadline, unless the student withdraws from the university (see section on fees). Consult the Schedule of Classes, published each term, for current deadlines.'
b'Schedule of Classes'
b'Holders of fellowships, assistantships, and tuition and fee waivers must maintain the required number of semester hours through the end of the term or risk loss of their tuition-and-selected-fee waiver for the term. Students who lose their waivers will be billed the full cost of tuition and fees. Students on visas must maintain the registration requirements of their visa (for clarification, contact the Office of International Services).'
b'Advisors'
b'All graduate students must have an academic advisor in the graduate program in which degree work is to be done. The academic advisor assists in planning a program of graduate study that fits the needs of the student and satisfies the graduate program and Graduate College requirements. New students should consult the director of graduate studies to discuss the selection of an academic advisor. All PhD candidates must have a dissertation advisor who is a member of the Graduate College faculty. Both master\xe2\x80\x99s and doctoral students must have a major advisor (academic or research) who is a member of the Graduate College faculty.'
b'Unassigned nondegree students do not have a formal advisor. These students must receive approval from an authorized person in the program(s) offering the course(s) they wish to take each term prior to attempting registration.'
b'Chicago Metropolitan Exchange Program'
b'The Chicago Metropolitan Exchange Program (CMEP) is an agreement between the University of Illinois at Chicago, Northwestern University, and the University of Chicago that enables doctoral students to take advantage of educational opportunities\xe2\x80\x94specialized courses, unique library collections, or laboratories\xe2\x80\x94at these campuses.'
b'CMEP participants should have matriculated into a doctoral program at UIC and must receive prior written approval from their advisor, their department head, and the UIC CMEP liaison officer. With these approval signatures, students must then seek permission from the host institution to take the desired course(s). The application and approval process must be accomplished using CMEP form. CMEP traveling scholars register and pay for the CMEP credit at UIC (and UIC rates) and also make arrangements to register at the host institution through its CMEP liaison officer. A leave of absence is not required, since participants are registered at UIC during their stay at the other institution.'
b'Students should consult their director of graduate studies, the Graduate College website or the UIC CMEP liaison officer in the Graduate College for more information on the Chicago Metropolitan Exchange Program.'
b'more information on the Chicago Metropolitan Exchange Program'
b'Concurrent Registration with UIUC'
b'In addition to the Chicago Metropolitan Exchange Program (CMEP), students registered at UIC are eligible to take courses offered at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign through the process of concurrent registration. Students must be registered at UIC for the term they are attempting concurrent registration. Approval is needed from the student\xe2\x80\x99s UIC department and the department offering the course in Urbana. Students should consult with the UIC Registrar\xe2\x80\x99s Office on process and additional information.'
b'Continuation and Probation Rules'
b'Graduate students are considered to be in good standing in the Graduate College if they:'
b'Academic Standing as viewed in the student database and XE Registration at https://my.uic.edu only reflects the result of the minimum Graduate Degree GPA as listed above. Students on limited status admission who have a Graduate Degree GPA of 3.00 or higher are listed in good standing, and unless specified by the graduate program, are eligible to hold assistantships and tuition waivers.'
b'https://'
b'my.uic.edu'
b'Note: Graduate programs may require a higher level of performance and may apply criteria in addition to those stated above. If a student fails to meet the performance or other criteria stated by the program as determined by the Graduate College, the program may notify the Graduate College to initiate dismissal.'
b'Limited admission status students must meet the conditions imposed by this status and progress to full degree status within two semesters or any shorter amount of time set forth in the letter of acceptance. Failure to do so will result in dismissal from the university.'
b'The Graduate Degree GPA is the average of grades earned by graduate students in their current degree program, whether or not the courses are part of degree requirements. Only graduate-level courses in which an A, B, C, D, or F is earned are included in the Graduate Degree GPA computation. A graduate-level course is any 400- or 500-level course, and any 300-level course taken under the quarter system. General transfer credit taken at other institutions is not computed in the Graduate Degree GPA. However, grades earned through the Chicago Metropolitan Exchange Program are included. Grades earned as a nondegree student, or while a student in other UIC colleges or a different graduate program, will be computed if the courses are applied to the current graduate program through an approved transfer of credit petition.'
b'Academic probation is the Graduate College\xe2\x80\x99s mechanism for warning students that their Graduate Degree GPA has fallen below the minimum standard of 3.00/4.00. Students have two terms of enrollment (including summer, if registered) after the term in which their Graduate Degree GPA falls below 3.00 to remove themselves from probation. Departments may enforce stricter limits on probation, provided the student is informed in writing prior to being placed on probation.'
b'Students who leave the university while on probation, whether through formal withdrawal or through failing to meet the registration requirement, will still be on probation if they are later readmitted to the same program. Students who are admitted to a new program begin on Good Standing (i.e., the Graduate Degree GPA starts over). Students currently on probation or who left the university on probation will not be admitted to the same program as nondegree students. Readmission as a degree-seeking student is not guaranteed.'
b'Students who fail to raise their average to 3.00 or to otherwise fulfill the terms of their probation within the deadline will be dismissed from the university. The Graduate College issues probation and dismissal notices to students and their program directors. However, failure to receive notice does not change the student\xe2\x80\x99s probation or dismissal status, since students are expected to monitor their own progress in light of Graduate College policies.'
b"Students may also be dismissed by the Graduate College upon the recommendation of their academic program if a rule or policy in the program's student handbook has been violated, or for failure to meet conditions specified under limited admission conditions."
b'Course Loads'
b'Students who can devote full attention to their studies usually enroll for 12 to 16 semester hours each term. In exceptional cases, the advisor and director of graduate studies may permit a student to enroll for up to 20 hours. Registration for more than 20 hours is not recommended but is possible with approval of the director of graduate studies. The Graduate College at UIC has defined full-time enrollment as 9 hours each fall and spring term and 5 hours in the summer. Half-time is defined as 5 hours each fall and spring term and 3 hours in summer. Three-quarters time is defined as 8 hours each fall and spring semester and 4 hours in summer.'
b'Important notes to this general definition:'
b'Course Numbering'
b'Courses numbered 001\xe2\x80\x93099 do not carry academic credit but meet special program requirements. These courses carry semester hours that do not count toward the total hours required for graduation, but do count in the calculation of tuition and toward full- or part-time enrollment status and financial aid eligibility. Grades for these courses are not calculated in the grade point average.'
b'Courses numbered 100\xe2\x80\x93399 are generally intended for undergraduate students. Graduate students may need to enroll in such courses as prerequisites for more advanced courses or for general knowledge about a subject. Availability may be limited for some courses until undergraduate enrollment is determined. Grades for these courses are not calculated in the Graduate Degree GPA.'
b'Courses numbered 400\xe2\x80\x93499 are intended for advanced undergraduate and graduate students. Students will note that some 400-level courses listed in the catalog and Schedule of Classes have sections (CRNs) with differential credit (i.e., one CRN is offered for 3 semester hours for undergraduate students and one CRN is offered for 4 semester hours for graduate students). Undergraduate students who enroll in a 400-level course should enroll in the designated, lower-credit-level CRN. Graduate students should enroll in the designated, higher-credit-level CRN. If taken as an undergraduate with the intention to later transfer the credit into a graduate program at UIC, only the lower-credit would transfer.'
b'Courses number 500\xe2\x80\x93599 are intended for graduate students.'
b'Courses number 600 and above are intended for medical professional degrees (eg., DMD, MD). Credit is not allowed for students in Graduate College programs.'
b'Grades'
b'Grades'
b'The following grades are used:'
b'Leave of Absence'
b'Leave of Absence'
b'Except for international students whose visas require continuous registration, and doctoral students who have passed their preliminary exams, graduate degree-seeking students may take one semester (fall or spring) plus the summer session off without formal leave approval from the Graduate College. Degree students who desire to take an additional consecutive semester off, for a total maximum of three consecutive terms, must file a Graduate Petition for Leave of Absence by the tenth day of the third term for which leave is requested. Nondegree students are not eligible for a leave of absence.'
b'International students who hold an F-1 or J-1 visa must register each fall and spring semester due to visa requirements. Such students must file a Graduate Petition for Leave of Absence for any fall or spring semester they wish to take off, obtaining written authorization on the petition from the Office of International Services. If remaining in the country, such leaves are rarely granted by that office.'
b'Upon receipt of a leave of absence petition from the department/program, the Graduate College will automatically approve the first leave, up to one year maximum. At least one term as a graduate degree student must be completed before being eligible for a leave. After returning to the program from an approved leave, a second leave is not automatic and will only be granted by the Graduate College for medical or other extraordinary reasons.'
b'Leave will not be granted to doctoral candidates who have passed the preliminary exam, except for students whose programs require a formal off-campus activity (e.g., internship), or for documented maternity/family event, medical, family health crisis, or other extraordinary reasons. If this situation occurs, a Graduate Petition for Leave of Absence must be submitted to the Graduate College.'
b'Degree-seeking students will automatically be approved leave, with proper documentation, for the birth or adoption of a child or where child care is required (one year maximum); care of a spouse, child, or parent with a serious health condition; or a serious health condition that makes the student unable to pursue graduate work. The Graduate College encourages students to obtain written acknowledgement (signature) from the director of graduate studies. International students with any of these circumstances must also obtain approval form the Office of International Services.'
b'Degree-seeking (domestic only) students who must leave the university in order to enter into active service with the armed forces in a national or state emergency will be given an indefinite leave. A copy of the orders to report/proof of active service must be attached. Special procedures exist for withdrawing from courses under these circumstances. See the relevant information under Withdrawal from the University.'
b'Withdrawal from the University'
b'Time spent on leave approved by the department and the Graduate College does not count towards the time to complete the degree.'
b'Students who have already registered for the term for which leave is requested must drop all courses using XE Registration at my.UIC. If completed during the first two weeks (Fall/Spring) or first week (Summer) of the term, all relevant charges for the term are eliminated. If done between the second and tenth week of the semester, a pro rata refund will be given. Students are responsible for filing the appropriate forms and resultant charges; the leave of absence petition itself does not alter existing registration.'
b'my.UIC'
b'Students who are on an approved leave of absence will not be covered by the health and personal accident insurance plan until they return to active registration.'
b'Petition forms may be obtained from the Graduate College, 606 University Hall, or from the graduate program.'
b'Special Enrollment Categories\xe2\x80\x94Visitors/Auditors'
b'Special Enrollment Categories\xe2\x80\x94Visitors/Auditors'
b'Enrolled students, faculty, or staff wishing to attend meetings of a course without earning academic credit may register as auditors at no additional cost.'
b'Persons not affiliated with UIC as enrolled students, faculty, or staff must apply to the university as a nondegree student and pay the applicable tuition and fees in order to audit a course.'
b'Because the courses offered by the University of Illinois at Chicago are intended for students registering for academic credit, attending class as an auditor is privilege granted only when certain requirements and conditions are met.'
b'Courses taken for audit do not apply toward any academic degree and do not count as part of a student\xe2\x80\x99s full-time or part-time course load for purposes of financial aid, loan deferments, athletic eligibility, or fulfillment of the enrollment residence requirement.'
b'Requirements and Conditions:'
b'Procedure'
b'Students planning to audit a course must complete the following procedure:'
b'Office of the Registrar website for the summer session deadlines'
b'Petitions'
b'Petitions'
b'Students may petition the dean of the Graduate College for exceptions to certain college regulations, but may do so only after consulting with their advisor and the director of graduate studies, whose recommendations must appear on the petition. Petition forms may be submitted online or obtained in hard copy form from the Graduate College and from the graduate program office, and must be accompanied by a full explanation of the circumstances and any appropriate forms and supporting documents required for processing a requested change. Note: Petitions should be filed within 30 days from the time an individual knows, or reasonably should have known, that an occurrence has affected his or her status.'
b'Petition forms may be submitted online'
b'Registration'
b'Registration'
b'Registration procedures are explained in the university portal, my.UIC, and class offerings are listed in the Schedule of Classes each semester. Graduate students are responsible for the complete and accurate processing of their registration according to the guidelines published therein. Graduate students who fail to register for two terms in a row (excluding summer) without taking an approved leave of absence forfeit their admission and must reapply to the Graduate College and be readmitted to the program. Readmission is not guaranteed.'
b'my.UIC'
b'Schedule of Classes'
b'New students may register during the designated period before the beginning of their first term or during the late registration period (days one to ten for fall and spring, days one to five for summer). Currently enrolled students register during the early registration period in the previous term. Students who wait to register at late registration will be assessed a late registration fee and may experience limited course availability.'
b'Registration for Zero Hours'
b'Registration for zero hours is only available to students who have completed all course work, examinations, and all degree requirements except the master\xe2\x80\x99s project or thesis or doctoral dissertation or capstone project and who need to maintain registered status at the university. Typical reasons for needing to maintain registration after all course hours for the degree have been taken include visa registration requirements, requirements of the student\xe2\x80\x99s program, and the Graduate College requirement for doctoral students to maintain registration from the preliminary examination through the dissertation defense. Students wishing to register for zero hours must submit a Graduate College petition and receive permission from the director of graduate studies and the Graduate College prior to the start of the term. Once permission is received, students may continue to register for zero hours provided they remain in the same program, continue to make satisfactory academic progress, and are within the time frame for degree completion. Students with a fellowship, assistantship, or Graduate College tuition-and-selected-fee waiver must maintain the minimum registration requirements for their award, and will not be eligible for zero hours.'
b'Option A is for master\xe2\x80\x99s students in a project or thesis option and doctoral students who need to maintain registration and will be utilizing university services. Master\xe2\x80\x99s students may be required to register for zero hours by their program or for visa regulations, but the Graduate College does not require registration for defense of a master\xe2\x80\x99s thesis or graduation.'
b'Doctoral students (only) who will not be on campus may request Option B, where only the zero-hour tuition, and none of the fees, is assessed. Students on Option B are not eligible to use university services and are not eligible for university health insurance. Doctoral students who want Option B must state Option B and the term(s), up to two semesters at a time, on the petition, and must submit another form if needed in future terms. See Degree Requirements, Doctoral Degrees, and Master\xe2\x80\x99s Degrees.'
b'Degree Requirements'
b'Repetition of Courses'
b'Students can repeat a course for credit if:'
b'Grades'
b'Transfer Credit'
b'Transfer Credit'
b'Consideration is given to the transfer of credit in three categories:'
b'Additionally, 32 hours of advanced standing credit may be granted to a doctoral student with a previous master\xe2\x80\x99s degree. The director of graduate studies will determine whether the 32 hours should be granted when the student applies for admission to the program. Technically, this is not transfer credit and does apply to any of the limits listed below.'
b'To be considered for transfer, graduate work must have been completed in an accredited institution approved by one of the regional accreditation associations or by the agencies recognized by the Council for Higher Education Accreditation, and must meet the quality and content of courses offered at UIC.'
b'For probation and graduation purposes, transfer credit is not computed in the cumulative grade point average or Graduate Degree GPA unless such credit was earned in courses taken at UIC.'
b'Limits on Transfer Credit'
b'The specific number of credit hours accepted for transfer is determined on an individual basis. No transfer is automatic.'
b'Procedures'
b'A Graduate Petition for Transfer Credit toward an Advanced Degree is required for all transfers of credit except the 32 hours of advanced standing credit for a prior master\xe2\x80\x99s degree (see below). The graduate program evaluates the student\xe2\x80\x99s petition and makes a recommendation to the Graduate College. The petition should show the courses recommended for transfer by the graduate program and the number of semester hours of credit received. Students must attach to the petition an original transcript showing grades if courses were not taken at UIC, and a certification from the registrar or college dean of the applicable institution stating that the courses are graduate level and were not used toward fulfillment of the requirements for a degree if not self-evident from the transcript itself.'
b'Credit for Prior Master\xe2\x80\x99s Degree - Advanced Standing Credit'
b'Doctoral candidates who have previously earned a master\xe2\x80\x99s degree or its equivalent approved by one of the regional accreditation associations or by the agencies recognized by the Council for Higher Education Accreditation may be granted 32 semester hours of advanced standing credit toward the doctoral degree if approved by the program and the Graduate College at the time of admission. The 32 hours are subtracted from the total hours required for the doctorate from the baccalaureate. The 32 hours are not counted toward the maximum allowed transfer credit limit or computed in the cumulative GPA or Graduate Degree GPA. A petition is not required as the Graduate College is informed of the request directly from the director of graduate studies. A copy of the transcript showing the earned degree is required.'
b'Degree Requirements'
b'Degree Requirements'
b'The following requirements for individual degrees are the minimum standards of the Graduate College. Most graduate programs have requirements that exceed these minimums. Students should consult the detailed graduate program listings in the catalog as well as their director of graduate studies for a full statement of the requirements of their particular degree program. It is the student\xe2\x80\x99s responsibility to be aware of all regulations and requirements and to satisfy them as early as possible.'
b'Changes in Degree Requirements'
b'Program and Graduate College policies and requirements change periodically and may not be immediately reflected in campus publications. The online Graduate Catalog is updated each semester to reflect changes to degree requirements and polices. New degree requirements, however, are not imposed retroactively on continuing graduate students. If degree requirements are changed, students may complete their degree programs under the requirements in effect at the time of their initial enrollment (or readmission, if they discontinued degree status at any time) in the Graduate College. They have the option, however, of electing to be governed by the new requirements if they so desire, provided that all requirements of one catalog are met.'
b'Students who interrupt their enrollment without prior formal approval lose their status as graduate students (see Leave of Absence). If they want to return to a graduate program, they must apply for readmission. For readmitted students the requirements for the degree are those published in the catalog at the time of readmission, or any subsequent catalog, provided all the requirements of one catalog are met.'
b'Leave of Absence'
b'Degree Program Deadlines'
b'Time spent on an approved leave of absence will not count towards the time to degree. Students who do not graduate by these deadlines may be dismissed from the Graduate College for failure to progress.'
b'Master\xe2\x80\x99s Degrees'
b'Graduate College faculty list'
b'Specific instructions on the format of the thesis '
b'Doctoral Degrees'
b'Students who hold a fellowship, assistantship, or tuition and fee waiver must register each semester for the number of hours required by their award, even if they have completed all degree requirements except the dissertation. See Course Loads, Financial Aid sections.'
b'Financial Aid '
b'Students who do not hold a fellowship, assistantship, or tuition and fee waiver, and who have completed all degree requirements except the dissertation, and who do not wish to register for additional course work, must either:'
b'Option A: Register for zero hours of credit in thesis research (599) each semester until the degree is awarded (excluding summer unless defending dissertation). Range IV tuition and fees are assessed (see Schedule of Classes).'
b'Or'
b'Option B: Must petition for each renewal and specify Option B. Only the range IV tuition (including tuition differential, if applicable) is charged (see Schedule of Classes). No additional fees are assessed. Students may elect from one to two terms with each petition. Students who elect this option are ineligible for student health insurance, U-Pass, and some on-campus facilities.'
b'Schedule of Classes'
b'Permission to use either Option A or B will be considered by the Graduate College upon petition supported by the graduate program. For Option B, the department must certify that no use of university facilities will be made. Students must refile a petition for Option B every term by the 10th day of the term (5th for summer).'
b'All students must complete and defend the dissertation by the degree deadline, regardless of which option is chosen.'
b'UIC graduate faculty'
b'Thesis Manual'
b'iThenticate review process'
b'Student Annual Assessments'
b'Graduate College policy requires doctoral programs to conduct an annual assessment of their doctoral students. Annual assessments are encouraged, though not required, for master\xe2\x80\x99s students.'
b'Although programs have options on the content and timing of the assessment, for uniformity and the sake of good practice, the policy requires annual assessment of all doctoral students. In addition, care has been taken to ensure that the policy guards against potential conflicts of interest by requiring that the assessment of doctoral students contains an independent element.'
b'Programs must conduct annual academic progress reviews for all enrolled doctoral students at least once every academic year, beginning in the students\xe2\x80\x99 first year. Students who are registered under a doctoral program code are considered doctoral students for the purpose of this policy. All annual assessments should include:'
b'The requirements listed above represent minimum actions, and programs may further develop reviews to incorporate additional items. Additional information on the annual assessment of doctoral students is available online.\xc2\xa0'
b'Additional information on the annual assessment of doctoral students'
b'University Regulations'
b'University Regulations'
b'Student Academic Grievance Procedures'
b'The Student Academic Grievance Procedures define an administrative process through which students may seek resolution of complaints or Grievances regarding academic standing during their enrollment at UIC. These procedures are available on the UIC website.'
b'The Student Academic Grievance Procedures'
b'Guidelines and Procedures Governing Student Records'
b'Office of the Dean of Students '
b'3030 Student Services Building (SSB)\n(312) 996-4857\nhttp://deanofstudents.uic.edu'
b'http://deanofstudents.uic.edu'
b'The mission of the Office of the Dean of Students is to provide a student-centered, learning environment that offers support, advocacy, and resources which contribute to student success. This is accomplished through a number of services available directly to students:'
b'Additionally, office staff serve as advisors to student governments on campus and help support the university community through programming and consultative support for students, faculty, and administrators.\xc2\xa0'
b'Student Disciplinary Policy'
b'The Student Disciplinary Policy is the university\xe2\x80\x99s student conduct process to handle allegations of misconduct by UIC students. The Student Disciplinary Policy addresses both academic misconduct (such as plagiarism, cheating, or grade tampering) and behavioral misconduct (such as theft, assault, under-age drinking, and drug use).'
b'The main purpose of the student conduct process is to ensure that students receive due process\xe2\x80\x94which means that every student should have a fair opportunity to express their side of the story before any decisions are made about their conduct case. The student conduct process was designed to be educational in nature. The Student Disciplinary Policy is available online.'
b'The Student Disciplinary Policy is available online'
b'Guidelines Regarding Academic Integrity'
b'As an academic community, the University of Illinois at Chicago is committed to providing an environment in which research, learning, and scholarship can flourish and in which all endeavors are guided by academic and professional integrity. All members of the campus community\xe2\x80\x94students, staff, faculty, administrators\xe2\x80\x94share the responsibility of insuring that these standards are upheld so that such an environment exists. Instances of academic misconduct by students, and as defined herein, shall be handled pursuant to the Student Disciplinary Policy.'
b'Student Disciplinary Policy'
b'Academic dishonesty includes, but is not limited to:'
b'Rights Under The Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act'
b'Annually, the University of Illinois at Chicago informs students of the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (FERPA). FERPA affords students certain rights with respect to their education records. They are as follows:'
b'The name and address of the office that administers FERPA is:\nFamily Policy Compliance Office\nU.S. Department of Education\n400 Maryland Avenue SW\nWashington, D.C. 20202-4605'
b'FERPA prohibits access by non-university personnel to information about individual students without the student\xe2\x80\x99s written authorization, except that which is considered public information. The University of Illinois at Chicago hereby designates the following as public or \xe2\x80\x9cdirectory information.\xe2\x80\x9d Such information may be disclosed by the university for any purpose, at its discretion.'
b'To examine his or her record, the student must submit a written request to the Office of the Registrar. This office will comply with the request within a reasonable amount of time, not to exceed 45 days after receipt of the request.'
b'To prevent the release of directory information, the student must submit a request form to the Office of the Registrar no later than the tenth day of the semester (fifth day of summer session). Such requests for nondisclosure will be honored so long as the student is continuously enrolled or unless he/she sooner revokes the request in writing.'
b'Medical Immunization Requirements'
b'The Illinois Department of Public Health requires that all students living in on-campus housing and born on or after January 1, 1957, entering a post-secondary institution are required to present documented proof of immunity against measles, mumps, rubella, tetanus, and diphtheria as a prerequisite to registration. The Medical Immunization Form, required for student completion, can be found online.'
b'Medical Immunization Form'
b'Those students living in on-campus housing who are not properly immunized and have not submitted a written statement of medical or religious exemption must be immunized within the first term of enrollment. Failure to provide the required proof of immunity will prevent the student from enrolling in a subsequent term. Students living in on-campus housing and registering only for no more than five credit hours are temporarily exempt from the immunization requirements.'
b'For more information, contact the Office of Medical Immunization Records, Room 1300 Student Services Building, telephone (312) 413-0464.'
b'Office of Medical Immunization Records'
b'Services for Students with Disabilities'
b'The Disability Resource Center works to ensure the accessibility of UIC programs, classes, and services to students with disabilities. Services are available for students who have documented disabilities, vision or hearing impairments, emotional or physical disabilities. Students with disability/access needs or questions may contact the Disability Resource Center online or at (312) 413-2183 (voice) or (312) 413-0123 (TTY only).'
b'Disability Resource Center'
b'Participation in Class Exercises that Involve the Use of Animals'
b'The University of Illinois at Chicago offers certain courses in which live, euthanized, or preserved vertebrate animals are used as part of course requirements. Such courses are identified in the Schedule of Classes with the note \xe2\x80\x9canimals used in instruction.\xe2\x80\x9d'
b'Students who have ethical concerns about the use of animals in teaching have the responsibility to contact the instructor, prior to enrollment in any course in which animals may be used as part of course instruction, to determine whether class exercises involving animals are optional or required, and what alternatives, if any, are available. If no alternatives are available, the refusal to participate in required activities involving animals may result in a failing grade in the course.'
b'Research on Humans or Animals'
b'Students using human subjects in any research (this includes surveys, interviews, preexisting data, and human tissue obtained for nonresearch purposes) must have approval from the Institutional Review Board or one of its approved committees before they begin data collection. Students using animal subjects (including observation-only studies) must take GC\xc2\xa0470. The Graduate College also offers the course, GC\xc2\xa0501. This course is mandatory for a number of graduate programs. Similar programs for nonscience disciplines are being developed. For further information, students should contact the Office for the Protection of Research Subjects, (312) 996-1711, 203 Administrative Office Building.'
b'GC\xc2\xa0470'
b'GC\xc2\xa0501'
b'Office for Access and Equity'
b'As part of the Office of the Chancellor, the Office for Access and Equity (OAE), strives to increase access to employment, programs, and services in an environment free of unlawful discrimination and harassment, including Title IX issues. Dispute Resolution Services (DRS) provides confidential consultation, facilitation and mediation services to students, faculty, academic and support staff.'
b'Office for Access and Equity'
b'Sexual Harassment Policy'
b'Sexual harassment is defined by law and includes any unwanted sexual gesture, physical contact, or statement that is offensive, humiliating, or an interference with required tasks or career opportunities at the university. Sexual harassment is prohibited under federal and state discrimination laws and the regulations of the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission.'
b'The University of Illinois will not tolerate sexual harassment of students or employees and will take action to provide remedies when such harassment is discovered. The university environment must be free of sexual harassment in work and study.'
b'In order to assure that the university is free of sexual harassment, appropriate sanctions will be imposed on offenders in a case-by-case manner.'
b'The university will respond to every complaint of sexual harassment reported.'
b'Information about the university\xe2\x80\x99s approved procedures for dealing with cases of sexual harassment may be obtained by phoning (without name given if desired), by writing, or by visiting the Office for Access and Equity, 717 Marshfield Building, 809 S. Marshfield Avenue, Phone (312) 996-8670.'
b'Office for Access and Equity'
b'University Card Terms and Responsibilities'
b'Identification Card (i-card): All cardholders are required to abide by the University Card Terms and Responsibilities. Students are responsible for abiding by card terms and responsibilities.'
b'I understand that:'
b'Observance of Religious Holidays'
b'Student Academic Grievance Procedures'
b'Tuition, Fees, and Other Charges'
b'Tuition, Fees, and Other Charges'
b'All students are assessed tuition and fees. The amount varies with the program the student is in, the number of semester hours for which the student registers, and according to status as a state resident or nonresident of Illinois. Residence classification is determined by the information given on the application for admission and other credentials. Further information on resident classification is provided elsewhere in this chapter.'
b'Consult the Office of the Registrar website for information on current tuition and fee rates.'
b'current tuition and fee rates'
b'The service fee, general fee, health service fee, student-to-student fee, CTA U-Pass transportation fee (assessed for full-time study defined as 9 hours for graduate students), the academic facilities maintenance fund assessment, and the library and information technology assessment are mandatory fees/assessments that support the following: Student Center East and Student Center West, Student Programs, Student Counseling, Intramural Sports and Recreation, Intercollegiate Athletics, Bonded Indebtedness, Health Service, Pharmacy, CTA usage, and maintenance of UIC academic facilities. In addition, all students are covered by the UIC Student Health Benefit Program (CampusCare) and an accidental death and dismemberment policy for which they pay a fee each term. Students who present evidence of insurance in force that provides equivalent coverage may apply each semester for an exemption from the student health insurance fee.'
b'Encumbrance of Registration and Records'
b'Students who owe any money to the university will have a hold placed on their academic records. This hold precludes students from registering for any subsequent terms. In addition, transcripts will not be released until the student\xe2\x80\x99s account has been paid in full.'
b'Past due accounts are subject to a finance charge at the annual percentage rate of 18% (1.5 per month on the unpaid balance of each month). Additionally, a late fee of $2.00 per month will be added to all past due accounts.'
b'Please note, the University of Illinois at Chicago does refer past due accounts for collection. Where appropriate, the university will authorize legal action to effect settlement of an account. Students will be liable for all reasonable collection costs, including attorney fees and other charges necessary for the collection of a past due account.'
b'Tuition Exemptions'
b'Students may be exempted from one or more of the following charges if they qualify under the stated conditions:'
b'Tuition is waived for:'
b'The nonresident portion of tuition (if the enrollee is subject to payment of tuition) is waived for:'
b'Regulations Governing the Determination of State Residency Status for Admission and Assessment of Student Tuition'
b'The University of Illinois is a land-grant institution assisted by funding from state of Illinois tax revenue. As a state, tax-assisted institution, the university (with some exceptions) extends preference in tuition to residents of the state of Illinois\xe2\x80\x94that is, to students whose circumstances conform to the university\xe2\x80\x99s definition of state resident status stated below.'
b'The University of Illinois\xe2\x80\x99 definition of the term \xe2\x80\x9cresident\xe2\x80\x9d may be different from the definitions developed by other, non-university agencies. Thus, a person who is an Illinois resident for tax or voting purposes, for example, is not necessarily a state resident for University of Illinois tuition and admission purposes. The university\xe2\x80\x99s definition of state resident status applies both to payment of tuition and admission to the University of Illinois.'
b'Principal elements determining state residency are domicile in Illinois and actions that evidence the intent to make Illinois the person\xe2\x80\x99s permanent residence. A person has but one domicile at any time. Mere physical presence in Illinois, regardless of how prolonged, is insufficient to establish state residency without existence of action and intention to make the place a permanent residence and principal home. In order to establish bona fide residence in Illinois under this policy, a person must demonstrate presence and intent to reside permanently in Illinois for reasons other than educational objectives.'
b'The burden of establishing that a student is domiciled in Illinois for other than educational purposes is upon the person. The regulations, factors, and procedures enumerated in this policy will be considered by the university in determining state residence status.'
b'State residence status regulations are subject to change from time to time at the discretion of the Board of Trustees. A person holding nonresident status is subject to rules in effect when the petition seeking Illinois residency is filed. Nothing in these rules shall be applied retroactively to reverse in-state residence status previously granted under former regulations.'
b'The following regulations are used to determine the state resident classification of a person for admission and tuition assessment:'
b'A. A person\xe2\x80\x99s domicile is presumed to be that of his/her parent(s) or legal guardian unless the student is independent and establishes a separate domicile.'
b'A person who is dependent upon his/her parent(s) or other person in authority, other than spouse, for financial support shall not be considered independent for the purpose of these regulations. A person claiming independence may be requested to present satisfactory evidence that his/her parent(s) or legal guardian have not contributed significantly to his/her support nor claimed him/her as a dependent for federal or state income tax purposes during the period in which the person attempts to establish and/or maintain residency. Filing and payment of Illinois income tax is necessary to establish residency.'
b'B. In order to be classified as a resident for purposes of admission, an independent person shall be domiciled in Illinois and a bona fide resident of the state for at least one calendar year immediately preceding the date of receipt of the application for admission. To be considered a resident for purposes of assessment of tuition, an independent person must be a bona fide resident of the state for at least one calendar year immediately preceding the first scheduled day of classes for the term for which residency is sought.'
b'C. During the one-year period in which a person attempts to establish residency, a person must be financially independent. He/she must rely upon gainful employment in Illinois or prove reliance upon resources in Illinois for more than fifty percent of the income sufficient to provide for tuition, fees, and normal living expenses, e.g., food, clothing, housing, and transportation.'
b'Income earned as a result of university enrollment, such as educational loans, graduate assistantships, or student employment, is not considered as evidence of intent to establish residency. During the one-year period in which a person attempts to establish Illinois residency, a person must reside in the state primarily for other than educational purposes.'
b'D. A person who is not a citizen of the United States of America may establish resident status unless the person holds a visa, which precludes an intent to permanently reside in the United States. A list of the visa classifications may be obtained from the Office of Admissions.'
b'E. Noncitizens may commence establishment of state residence with notification of permanent residency status by the United States Citizenship and Immigration Services provided the person meets and complies with all the applicable requirements of these Regulations.'
b'F. The minor children of persons who, having resided in this state for at least 12 months immediately prior to such a transfer, are transferred by their employers to some location outside the United States shall be considered as Illinois residents for purposes of the computation and payment of tuition. However, this Section shall apply only when the minor children of such parents enroll in a state-supported college or university within five years from the time their parents are transferred to some location outside the United States.'
b'If the parent(s) or legal guardian of a resident person establishes a domicile outside the state of Illinois after the person has been admitted, the person shall continue to be classified as a resident student until degree completion, assuming timely matriculation and providing the person maintains continuous enrollment and maintains a separate residence within the state of Illinois.'
b'G. It is required that a person who claims Illinois domicile while living in another state or country will provide proof of the continued Illinois domicile. Proof may include, but is not limited to, evidence that the person (or parent or legal guardian as applicable) has not acquired a domicile in another state, has maintained a continuous voting record in Illinois, and has filed regular Illinois resident state income tax returns during absence from the state.'
b'H. A person whose parents move to Illinois may become a resident at the beginning of the next term following the move.'
b'An independent person whose parent or parents have established and are maintaining a bona fide residence in Illinois will be regarded as a resident if the independent person lives in Illinois.'
b'Even though a divorced or separated parent who is not a resident of Illinois provides significant financial support, a person shall be classified as a resident as long as the other parent resides permanently in Illinois.'
b'I. A nonresident shall be classified as a resident if his/her spouse is a resident of Illinois and meets the applicable requirements of these regulations. A noncitizen may establish residency through his/her resident spouse, provided the noncitizen complies with Section D of these Regulations.'
b'J. A person who is actively serving in the armed forces of the United States and who is stationed and/or present in the state in connection with that service, may be eligible for a waiver of the nonresident portion of tuition in accordance with Board policy as long as the person remains stationed and/or present in Illinois. The waiver is extended to the person\xe2\x80\x99s spouse and dependent children when they also live in the state. A resident of Illinois, and the spouse and dependent children, who is stationed outside of Illinois in active service in the armed forces of the United States and who has maintained residency under Section G shall be classified as a resident.'
b'K. Staff members of the university and of allied agencies, and faculties of state-assisted institutions of higher education in Illinois, holding an appointment of at least one-quarter time, and their spouses and dependent children, shall be treated as residents.'
b'The term \xe2\x80\x9cstaff member\xe2\x80\x9d as used in these regulations shall mean a person appointed to a faculty, academic professional, or permanent civil service position for a specific amount of time at a salary or wage commensurate with the percentage of time required. The appointment shall require service for not less than three-fourths of the term. For purposes of residency, the term \xe2\x80\x9cstaff member\xe2\x80\x9d shall not apply to persons employed on an hourly basis in an academic capacity, nor to persons on leave without pay.'
b'L. Nonresident teachers in the private and public elementary and secondary schools in Illinois holding an appointment of at least one-quarter time shall, if required to pay tuition, be assessed at the resident rate. This privilege also extends to the summer session immediately following the term of the appointment.'
b'Any nonresident teacher who qualifies for resident tuition as described above shall become subject to nonresident tuition for the entire term if the school appointment is vacated prior to completion of three-fourths of the term in question. Resignation or cancellation of the appointment prior to the close of the spring term also cancels the eligibility for the resident tuition privilege in the following summer term.'
b'Factors in Determining State Residency'
b'Bona fide residency must be maintained in the state of Illinois for at least one calendar year immediately preceding the date of receipt of the application for admission; or for tuition purposes, one calendar year immediately preceding the first scheduled day of classes for the term for which resident classification is sought. The following circumstances, although not necessarily conclusive, have probative value in support of a claim for state resident classification.'
b'The university may request documentation of the evidence. Missing evidence, the lack of evidence, or inconsistent evidence may be used to refute the claim of state residency.'
b'The executive director of admissions, or a designee, shall determine the initial state residence classification of each person at the time the person enters or re-enters the university.'
b'A person who is not satisfied with the determination of his/her state residence classification may request that the responsible official reconsider it. For the purposes of admission, the written request must be received by the Office of Admissions within 20 calendar days from the date of notification of state residency status. For the purposes of assessment of tuition, the written request must be received by the Office of Admissions by September 30 for the fall semester, February 15 for the spring semester, June 20 for the summer term, or some other date as set by the Office of Admissions.'
b'The request should include the Petition for Determination of Residency Status (available online and from the Office of Admissions) and all other materials that are applicable to the claim. The request and accompanying documentation will not be returned, and the person is advised to maintain a copy for his/her record.'
b'If the person is still not satisfied with the determination after it has been reconsidered, the person may appeal the decision to the director, Office of University-Wide Student Programs. The appeal shall be in writing and shall include reasons for the appeal. The appeal must be received by the executive director of admissions within 20 calendar days of the notice of the ruling. The appeal will then be referred to the Office of University-Wide Student Programs. A person who fails to file such an appeal within 20 calendar days of the notice of the ruling waives all claims to reconsideration for that academic session. Filing deadlines cannot be extended or waived, and late applications and appeals will not be reviewed. The decision of the Office of University-Wide Student Programs shall be final in all cases.'
b'A person may be reclassified at any time by the university upon the basis of additional or changed information. If the person is classified in error as a state resident, nonresident tuition shall be assessed in the next term; if the person is classified in error as a nonresident, state resident tuition shall be assessed in the term in which the classification occurs, provided the person has filed a written request for a review in accordance with these regulations.'
b'A person who fails to notify the university of a change of facts or provides false information that might affect classification or reclassification from state resident to nonresident status and/or who provides false information or conceals information for the purpose of achieving resident status may be subject to appropriate disciplinary action, as well as other penalties which may be prescribed by law. Further information or clarification may be secured by contacting the Executive Director of Admissions, 1100 Student Services Building (MC 018), University of Illinois at Chicago, Office of Admissions, Box 5220, Chicago, Illinois 60680-5220.'
b'Fees'
b'The service fee is waived for:'
b'For fee assessment purposes, a staff appointment must require service for not less than three-fourths of the number of days defined for the academic term. Specific dates marking completion of service for three-fourths of the term shall be established by the chancellor or the chancellor\xe2\x80\x99s designee on each campus. Staff tuition-and-fee privileges do not apply to students employed on an hourly basis in either an academic or nonacademic capacity or to persons on leave without pay.'
b'For fee assessment purposes, a permanent nonacademic employee is defined as a person who has been assigned to an established, permanent, and continuous nonacademic position and who is employed for at least 25 percent of full-time. University employees appointed to established civil service positions whose rate of pay is determined by negotiation, prevailing rates, or union affiliation are entitled to the same tuition-and-fee privileges accorded other staff members under the regulations.'
b'Students who resign a staff appointment, or whose appointment is cancelled before they have rendered service for at least three-fourths of the number of days defined for the term, become subject to the full amount of the appropriate tuition and fees for that term unless they withdraw from university classes at the same time the appointment becomes void or unless they file clearance for graduation within one week after the appointment becomes void.'
b'This fee supports staff salaries, programming and general operating expenses for the campus health service providers: Family Practice/Student Health Center, the Counseling Center, the Wellness Center and pharmacy services. The fee is mandatory.\xc2\xa0 This fee is waived with a tuition and selected fee waiver.'
b'The Academic Facilities Maintenance Fund Assessment (AFMFA) is assessed to graduate/professional students to address the deferred maintenance backlog in academic facilities. For less than full-time enrollment, the AFMFA will be based on enrolled credit hours pro-rated according to range calculations. This fee is waived with a tuition and fee waiver.'
b'This fee assessed to students in the Graduate College who are registered for 9 or more hours (5 or more hours in Summer Session). This fee is not waived with a tuition and fee waiver.'
b'Enrolled students, faculty, or staff wishing to attend meetings of a course without earning academic credit may register as auditors.'
b'Persons not affiliated with UIC as enrolled students, faculty, or staff must apply to the university as a nondegree student and pay the applicable tuition and fees in order to audit a course.'
b'UIC students registered for at least 12 semester hours and university employees who are eligible for a tuition waiver do not have to pay the Course Auditor\xe2\x80\x99s fee. Contact the Office of the Registrar for current tuition and fee information.'
b'This fine is levied against all students who complete registration after the deadline. In extenuating circumstances, students may receive the approval of the dean of the college to register after the tenth day of the semester or the fifth day of the summer session. Consult the Schedule of Classes for current registration deadlines and late registration fine information.'
b'In order to improve the learning environment, a Library and Information Technology Assessment is charged to graduate/professional students.'
b'While all students will be assessed this mandatory fee at registration, refunds are available upon request. A request for refund must be supported by a confirmed schedule and University Photo ID Card prior to the Campus Care waiver deadline each term. This is processed through SINC, located on the first floor of Student Center East. West side students may pick up a credit form in Room 111, Marshfield Building.'
b'While all students will be assessed this mandatory fee at registration, refunds are available upon request. A request for refund must be supported by a confirmed schedule and University Photo ID card prior to the Campus Care waiver deadline each term. This is processed through SINC, located on the first floor of Student Center East. West side students may pick up a credit form in Room 111, Marshfield Building.'
b'This fee is not waived with a tuition and fee waiver.'
b'This fee is assessed if the card is lost or destroyed.'
b'Withdrawal from the University'
b'Withdrawal from the University'
b'Withdrawal from the university is governed by specific regulations that students should observe to protect their academic standing. Failure to withdraw officially from the university before the last day of instruction results in a grade of F (failure) appearing on the record for each course in which the student is registered. Students dropping the only course, or all courses, for which they are enrolled should follow university withdrawal procedures.'
b'Students who withdraw by the tenth day of the semester are not considered to have been registered for that term, and the withdrawn courses will not appear on the student\xe2\x80\x99s transcript. Students who withdraw after the tenth day are considered \xe2\x80\x9cin residence\xe2\x80\x9d for that term, and are eligible to register for the next term. Please check the Office of the Registrar website for the summer session deadlines for withdrawing from courses. The withdrawn courses will appear on their transcript with a W grade.'
b'Graduate students who wish to withdraw may withdraw before the tenth day of the semester by completing the process using XE Registration in my.uic.edu. Degree-seeking students who wish to withdraw after the tenth day should consult with their academic program and complete the online Term Withdrawal. Nondegree students may complete the form without consultation. Please check the Office of the Registrar website for the summer session deadlines for withdrawing from courses.'
b'my.uic.edu'
b'online Term Withdrawal'
b'summer session deadlines for withdrawing from courses'
b'Note: Graduate students who fail to register for two terms in a row (excluding summer) without taking an approved leave of absence forfeit their admission to the Graduate College. Like students who have officially withdrawn from the university before the tenth day of the semester (fifth day in summer), they must reapply for admission to the Graduate College. Readmission is not guaranteed.'
b'Withdrawal to Enter U.S. Military Service'
b'A graduate student who must leave the university in order to enter into active service with the armed forces in a national or state emergency (including being called up for the Active Reserve Forces and the National Guard) during the first twelve weeks of the semester (first six weeks in summer session) will be withdrawn from courses with a full refund of tuition and fees. If called to active duty after that time, and before the end of the term, the student may withdraw from all courses with a full refund of tuition and fees, or, the student may ask the instructor(s) for permission to receive an Incomplete (I) or Deferred (DFR) grade(s). An instructor may assign an I or DFR if deemed academically appropriate and feasible. Alternatively, an instructor may assign a letter grade, if requested by the student, if the instructor deems it to be academically justified. Deadlines for incomplete grades under these circumstances may be waived upon the discretion of the instructor and the Graduate College. A student who chooses to withdraw from all courses will not receive Ws. It is the student\xe2\x80\x99s responsibility to present proof of active service status for these actions to occur. Students who must withdraw due to the reasons stated above are given an indefinite leave of absence. See Financial Obligations and Refunds and Leave of Absence for additional information.'
b'Financial Obligations and Refunds'
b'Financial Obligations and Refunds'
b'Students should carefully check their registration printouts to ensure that they are officially registered in the correct courses and sections for the correct number of semester hours. The act of registering for courses obligates students to pay all related tuition and fees unless one of the following procedures takes place:'
b'more information on refund schedules'
b'refund schedule and deadlines for Part A and B of term courses'
b'summer session deadlines for dropping courses'
b'summer session deadlines for withdrawing from courses'
b'Withdrawal to Enter Military Service '
b'Withdrawal from the University'
b'The above refund policies do not apply to the application fee, which is not refundable.'
b'Transcripts'
b'Transcripts'
b'Students who have paid all university fees can obtain their transcripts with an online request via the my.uic.edu portal. Transcripts are provided by the Office of the Registrar using the online order procedure.'
b'my.uic.edu'
b'Transcripts are provided by the Office of the Registrar'
b'Students needing certification of completion of degree requirements may obtain such certification from the Office of the Registrar.'
b'University of Illinois at Chicago'
b'Apply Online | Contact Admissions | Privacy Statement\n        Having problems accessing this site? Contact the Webmaster.\n        \xc2\xa9 2018-2019 The Board of Trustees of the University of Illinois'
b'Apply Online'
b'Contact Admissions'
b'Privacy Statement'
b'Contact the Webmaster'
b'Back to Top'
b'Send Page to Printer'
b'\nPrint this page.\n'
b'Download PDF of this page'
b'The PDF will include all information unique to this page.'
b'Download PDF of the entire Graduate Catalog'
b'\nAll pages in the campus catalog.\n'
b'Cancel'
