b'Job Details: 2018-2019 ECE Open Rank Tenured/Tenure Track Faculty Search'
b''
b''
b'Login'
b'Civil Service Positions'
b'Help'
b'All Jobs'
b'Chicago Campus'
b'DSCC'
b'Peoria'
b'Rockford'
b'UI Health'
b'UI Health Nursing'
b'Search Jobs'
b'Job Details'
b'The Department of Electrical and Computer Engineering (ECE) in the College of Engineering at the University of Illinois at Chicago (UIC) invites applications for multiple tenure-track faculty positions at all levels. The successful candidate is expected to establish and sustain an outstanding research program, as well as be strongly committed to student success both at graduate and\xc2\xa0undergraduate levels. Areas of particular interest include machine learning and data science, computer security, autonomous vehicle technologies, and healthcare applications of ECE. However, exceptional candidates in all other areas of ECE will also be considered. Candidates working on multidisciplinary research are especially encouraged to apply.'
b'\xc2\xa0Applications should include: (1) a letter of application indicating the area(s) of expertise and candidate\xe2\x80\x99s qualifications, (2) curriculum vitae, (3) names and contact information of at least three references entered in the reference tab, (4) separate concise statements outlining future teaching and research plans, (5) diversity statement. For full consideration, applications must be received by January 2, 2019. Applications will continue to be accepted until the positions are filled.'
b"Located in the heart of Chicago, UIC is the largest institution of higher education in the area, serving one of the nation's most diverse student bodies. UIC is a major public research university (R1, according to the Carnegie Classification of Institutions of Higher Education) with over 1,900 faculty and over 31,000 students.\xc2\xa0 It is well-positioned for multidisciplinary research, with opportunities to work with the largest medical school in the country and with experts in health sciences, social sciences, urban planning, and business."
b'UIC is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity employer. Minorities, women, veterans and individuals with disabilities are strongly encouraged to apply. UIC is committed to addressing the family needs of faculty, including dual career\xc2\xa0couples and single parents. The University of Illinois conducts background checks on all job candidates upon acceptance of contingent offer of employment. Background checks will be performed in compliance with the Fair Credit Reporting Act.'
b'The role of tenured/tenure-track faculty member in the Department of Electrical and Computer Engineering is to perform teaching, research, and professional and university service, in support of the mission of the University and the College of Engineering by preparing students for careers of leadership and innovation in electrical and computer engineering and related fields. We expect the holder of the position to advise undergraduate and graduate students in the Department of Electrical and Computer Engineering and to possess the enthusiasm and energy to motivate students and attract them into the program. The faculty member should also expand the base of electrical and computer engineering knowledge through original research, demonstrating scholarship through publications and graduate student supervision. Finally, we expect knowledge of contemporary methods and research practices of all globally ongoing research in his or her area of specialization.\xc2\xa0'
b'A Ph.D. in Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering, or a related field is required, with the degree requirements completed before the date of appointment.'
b'Back to Job Board'
b'\nThe University of Illinois at Chicago is an Equal Opportunity, Affirmative Action employer. Minorities, women, veterans and individuals with disabilities are encouraged to apply.'
b'\nThe University of Illinois may conduct background checks on all job candidates upon acceptance of a contingent offer. Background checks will be performed in compliance with the Fair Credit Reporting Act.'
b''
b''
b'Support'
b'Employment Notices '
b'Notice of Availability of the UIC Annual Security and Fire Safety Report'
b'Copyright 2016 The Board of Trustees of the University of Illinois | Web Privacy Statement'
