b'\r\n\tEmployee Recognition at UIC - UICHR\r\n'
b'UIC Home'
b'Find People'
b'Departments A-Z'
b''
b'Faculty Affairs'
b'UI Health HR'
b'HR News'
b'All News'
b'Diversity'
b'Events'
b'Feature Article'
b'Get to Know'
b'Move Your Career Forward'
b'Policy and Procedure'
b'Information Alert'
b'HR Calendars'
b'Main Calendar'
b'Just HR Key Dates'
b'Just Training'
b'Just HR Events'
b'Just Diversity and Inclusion'
b'Holiday Schedule FY19'
b'Contact/Support'
b'Employment Verification'
b'UIC HR Home'
b'Background  Check Compliance'
b'Benefits'
b'Career Opportunities'
b'Changing Jobs at UIC'
b'Classification and Compensation'
b'Developing and Guiding Employees'
b'Employment Verification'
b'Diversity at UIC'
b'Employee Recognition at UIC'
b'Retirement Recognition'
b'Hiring'
b'HR Forms'
b'Job Aids'
b'Labor and Employee Relations'
b'Performance Goals and Career Planning'
b'New Employees'
b'Personal  Information'
b'Policies and Procedures'
b'Professional Development and Training Opportunities'
b'Protection of Minors'
b'Systems Support'
b'Time Off and Leaves'
b'UIC Human Resources Services and Support'
b'HR Related Links'
b'OBFS'
b'Benefits'
b'Payroll'
b'OIS'
b'OAE'
b'Student Employment'
b'Systems Login'
b'APPLICATION DIRECTORY'
b'AVSL'
b'BANNER'
b'EDDIE'
b'EVS'
b'HIRETOUCH'
b'HR FRONT END'
b'MY UI INFO'
b'NEWT'
b'PRMS'
b'REPORT POSITIVE TIME'
b'RETIREE REHIRE FORM'
b'SALARY PLANNER'
b'TRACKER I-9'
b'UI NEW HIRE'
b''
b'Feedback'
b'Feedback'
b'Help us to improve this page.'
b'UICHR'
b'Employee Recognition at UIC'
b'NOTE: This first paragraph will not appear. Do not delete it. To display a text message on every page of the web site start a new paragraph below this one. To remove your message, remove all content other than this paragraph.'
b'UIC has a long and cherished tradition of recognizing its employees for outstanding merit and years of service. UIC Human Resources works in conjunction with academic and administrative units and affiliated University organizations to honor these achievements at the annual Employee Recognition Award Ceremony held each fall.'
b'In addition to service and merit recipients honored at the Employee Recognition Award Ceremony, numerous awards for faculty, research, and individual department achievements are awarded throughout the year by various University units and organizations.'
b'Employee Recognition Month'
b'Each November is Employee Recognition Month at UIC. This special time of year includes departmental ceremonies as well as campus wide programs, planned for the purpose of honoring faculty and staff. In addition to campus wide and individual department merit awards earned for outstanding achievements, UIC honors its employees for years of service beginning at five years and continuing after each five year increment. In 2017, UIC honored over 1,900 employees for years of service. '
b'Employee Recognition Award Ceremony'
b'The Employee Recognition Award Ceremony, held each year at the Isadore and Sadie Dorin Forum at UIC (formerly known as the UIC Forum), is the official start of Employee Recognition Month. This campus wide program serves to publicly recognize work and community accomplishments which in turn help to build morale and motivate our employees.  Employees with 25 or more years of service are honored, along with campus wide merit awards. At the conclusion of the ceremony, a reception will take place for all to visit and congratulate the recipients being honored. All members of the UIC community are welcome to attend.'
b'2018 Event Information'
b'The 2018 Employee Recognition Award Ceremony and Reception will be held on Tuesday, November 6, 2018 at the Isadore and Sadie Dorin Forum at UIC. We anticipate over 700 UIC employees and guests to attend the event to honor this year\xe2\x80\x99s recipients. Those awards to be recognized include the Award of Merit, CAPE Award, Janice Watkins Award, and campus accolades of UI Health\xe2\x80\x99s Employee of the Year, Physician of the Year, and Resident of the Year. Service Year Recognition honorees will include those celebrating 25, 30, 35, 40, and 45 years of eligible service to the university.'
b'See the links below for the names of those recipients of Service Year Recognition Awards, 5 through 45 years of service, the UIC Award of Merit, CAPE Award, Janice Watkins Award, & UI Health\xe2\x80\x99s Employee of the Year, Physician of the Year, and Resident of the Year.\n\n'
b'2018 Employee Recognition Recipients\n\n2018 Service Year Recognition Recipients 5 through 45 Years \n'
b'2018 Employee Recognition Recipients'
b'2018 Service Year Recognition Recipients 5 through 45 Years '
b'Employee Awards Honored at the Employee Recognition Award Ceremony\xc2\xa0'
b'\xc2\xa0'
b'The Employee Recognition Award Ceremony will recognize Award of Merit recipients, CAPE recipients, Janice Watkins Award recipients, and UIC service honorees with 25 years or more in five year increments. Additional campus awards recognized are the UI Health honors of Employee of the Year, Physician of the Year, and Resident of the Year.'
b'Service Recognition Awards'
b'Service Recognition Awards recognize  Academic Professionals and Civil Service employees and faculty for years of service to UIC in five-year increments starting with 25 years of service. Departmentally, employees are recognized for every 5 years of service.'
b'UIC Service Year Policy 701'
b'UIC Service Year Policy 701'
b'Award of Merit'
b'The Award of Merit recognizes outstanding Academic Professionals and Civil Service employees. It is a university-wide honor available to UIC campus staff who exhibit service, commitment, and dedication. Award recipients receive $2,500 and a memento gift. The included links will outline the nomination instructions, process and past recipients.'
b'Please check back in April 2019 for the Award of Merit nomination form and instructions as the 2019 Employee Recognition nomination season is opened.\xc2\xa0'
b'Award of Merit Past Recipients (PDF)'
b'Award of Merit Past Recipients (PDF)'
b'CAPE Award'
b'The Chancellor\xe2\x80\x99s Academic Professional Excellence Award (CAPE Award) was established in 1988. It recognizes the demonstrated excellence of Academic Professional staff. It encourages their professional development and indicates the institution\xe2\x80\x99s high regard for the contributions of this key segment of the university community. The CAPE award is based on peer review broadly selected from the ranks of the Academic Professionals throughout campus. The CAPE Selection Committee is a standing committee of APAC and is chaired by an APAC member. The Selection Committee is made up of Academic Professionals from both the east and west campuses which may include past CAPE recipients. UIC faculty, Academic Professionals, Civil Service employees, and students can nominate a deserving Academic Professional for the award. In 2017 there were six recipients of the CAPE Award. Honorees receive memento gift, a $1,000 permanent increase to the individual\xe2\x80\x99s salary, and a $2,000 one-time cash award.'
b'2018 CAPE Website'
b'2018 CAPE Website'
b'Janice Watkins Award '
b'The Janice Watkins Award recognizes exceptional Civil Service employees for their distinguished service to the University. Sponsored by the Staff Advisory Council, the design for the award is based on three interlocking components signifying the unity of faculty, staff, and students of the University of Illinois at Chicago. The award is a token of gratitude from the university and is awarded to Civil Service employees who exhibit a pleasant, warm demeanor and provide willing assistance to others and perform duties with diligence and dedication. The nominations can be submitted by faculty, staff, or students familiar with the nominee\xe2\x80\x99s activities.'
b'\nJanice Watkins Award Website\n'
b'Janice Watkins Award Website'
b'UI Health '
b'Class Act Award, Employee of the Year, Physician of the Year,Resident of the Year'
b'Hospital guests and staff may nominate UI Health employees for the Class Act Award and the Physician of the Year and Resident of the Year. These recipients continuously contribute to the delivery of world class patient care; regularly show good judgment and initiative; go above and beyond performance expectations; is a role model; demonstrates a willingness to become more efficient and effective when providing patient care; and exemplify the UI CARE behaviors.\n'
b'The Employee of the Year recipient is selected by the employee recognition committee from the year\xe2\x80\x99s Class Act recipients. This employee\xe2\x80\x99s identity is announced at an annual dinner held in honor of the year\xe2\x80\x99s Class Act awardees.'
b'UI Health Employee Recognition Webpage'
b'UI Health Employee Recognition Webpage'
b'Recognition Awards throughout Campus\xc2\xa0'
b'\xc2\xa0'
b'Office of Faculty Affairs'
b'UIC\xc2\xa0Faculty Awards'
b'UIC\xc2\xa0'
b'Faculty Awards'
b'Office of the Vice Chancellor for Research'
b'Researcher of the Year Award,'
b'Researcher of the Year Award'
b'The Office of the Vice Chancellor for Student Affairs'
b'VCSA Contact: Dr. W. Clarke Douglas, Associate Vice Chancellor for Student Affairs, wcd@uic.edu'
b'wcd@uic.edu'
b'Vice Chancellor for Student Affairs Outstanding New Staff Award   \nVice Chancellor for Student Affairs Outstanding Staff Award\nVice Chancellor for Student Affairs Outstanding Program Award\nVice Chancellor for Student Affairs Outstanding Department Award'
b'UI Health'
b'UI Health Employee Recognition Program'
b'UI Health Employee Recognition Program'
b'UI Health Employee Recognition Team, recognition@uic.edu'
b'recognition@uic.edu'
b'  UI Health Recognition Awards '
b'UI Health Employee Recognition Contact:\nCathy Lovely, lovelycm@uic.edu'
b'lovelycm@uic.edu'
b'Support Contacts'
b'General Email: specialprograms@uillinois.edu'
b'specialprograms@uillinois.edu'
b'Rebecca Fortier, Special Events Facilitator\nrfortier@uillinois.edu\n312-413-2960'
b'rfortier@uillinois.edu'
b'Employee Recognition Month'
b'Employee Awards Honored at the Employee Recognition Award Ceremony'
b'Additional Awards throughout Campus'
b'2018 Nomination Form and Instructions (Fillable PDF)'
b'Award of Merit Past Recipients (PDF)'
b'\n\n\n'
b'\n'
b'Email'
b'rfortier@uillinois.edu'
b'Quick Links'
b'Benefits'
b'Benefits Orientation Registration'
b'Charitable Giving at UIC'
b'Employee Performance Review'
b'NESSIE'
b'Office of Access and Equity'
b'Office of International Services'
b'Office of Business and Financial Services'
b'Payroll Schedules'
b'Form W-2'
b'U of I Alumni Association'
b'UIC Time Off and Leaves'
b'Employee Exit Checklist '
b'Schedule of Approved Holidays for UIC Fiscal Year 2019'
b'P&T Deadlines (PDF)'
b'Faculty Affairs Website'
b'Faculty Handbook'
b'Faculty Scholarship Support'
b'Faculty Senate'
b'Faculty Policies, Procedures, Guidelines'
b'Faculty Recognition'
b'New Faculty Orientation'
b'Sabbatical Guidelines'
b'Under-Represented Faculty Recruitment Program (PDF)'
b'BOT Deadlines/Dates'
b'BOT Minutes'
b'Decision Support (Solution Library)'
b'EDDIE'
b'How to Pay Internationals'
b'HR Front End College Contact List (PDF)'
b'HR Forms'
b'HR Reporting Portal'
b'I9 Tracker'
b'Policies & Procedures'
b'Student Employment'
b'View Direct'
b'Approving in Webtime (see Payroll & Earnings > Time Entry)'
b'Hiring'
b'Professional Development and Training Opportunities'
b'Employee Exit Checklist for Unit/Dept '
b'UIC Employees: Invite a Vendor to Verify Your Employment'
b'Vendors: Verify a Person\xe2\x80\x99s Employment at UIC'
b''
b''
b''
b'Contact Us'
b'Mobile Site'
b'Directions'
b'Disability Resources'
b'Emergency Information'
b'Veterans Affairs'
b'Job Opportunities'
b'Privacy Policy'
b'UIC Administration'
b'UIC Online Education'
b'UIC College Prep'
b'University of Illinois'
b'Springfield Campus'
b'Urbana-Champaign Campus'
b'Copyright \xc2\xa9 2013 The Board of Trustees of the University of Illinois | Web Privacy Statement | Login ( Guest )'
b'Web Privacy Statement'
b'Login'
b'Guest'
b''
b''
