b'More About the Region | Peoria Medicine'
b'Skip to content'
b'College of Medicine'
b'Chicago'
b'Peoria'
b'Rockford'
b'Urbana'
b'UIC'
b'UIC Directory'
b'  '
b''
b''
b'About '
b'Dean\xe2\x80\x99s Leadership'
b'Fast Facts'
b'More About the Region'
b'Visiting the Campus'
b'Strategic Plan'
b'Contact Us'
b'Education '
b'MD Admissions'
b'MD Curriculum'
b'Office of Academic Affairs'
b'Phase 1 Students'
b'M-3 Students'
b'M-4 Students'
b'Visiting Students'
b'Campus Specific Programs'
b'MD Student Services and Support'
b'Office of Student Affairs'
b'Awards and Scholarships'
b'Student Computing'
b'MD Student Life'
b'Diversity'
b'Student Government'
b'Educational Environment'
b'Student Interest Groups'
b'Parking'
b'Educational Policies'
b'Graduate Medical Education (GME)'
b'Residency Programs'
b'Fellowships'
b'Continuing Medical Education (CME)'
b'Faculty Development'
b'Research'
b'Patient Care'
b'Departments'
b'News '
b'Publications'
b'Upcoming Events'
b'Giving '
b'Donate Now'
b'Methods of Giving'
b'Gift Designations'
b''
b'aodunsi'
b''
b'Life in Peoria, Illinois'
b'Peoria loves to surprise people. It\xe2\x80\x99s a community that features big-city advantages with a small-town vibe (goodbye, traffic!). Peoria has rich cultural amenities, low cost of living, family-friendly activities, multiple colleges and a variety of job opportunities. A best-kept secret along the Illinois River, discover what Peoria has to offer.'
b'Nationally Ranked for Quality of Life'
b'Peoria, a four-time recipient of the All-American City Award by the National Civic League, and its surrounding communities have earned national attention for affordability, health and safety, education, family recreation and more. Two great resources to help uncover the many eclectic reasons that make Peoria worthy of this honor can be found at the Peoria Area Convention and Visitors Bureau and Peoria Life.'
b'Peoria Area Convention and Visitors Bureau'
b'Peoria Life.'
b'Job opportunities'
b'The Peoria area offers career opportunities, not only in medicine, but in technology, education and industry as well. Companies, both established and new, provide our area with a diverse, thriving economy.'
b'A Hub for Healthcare'
b'Peoria has job opportunities for residents after program completion. The Greater Peoria area has 708 health care establishments that employ 29,731 people, 25% above the national average. In addition to UnityPoint, OSF HealthCare is based here, including the world-class medical innovation space at Jump and the award-winning OSF HealthCare Children\xe2\x80\x99s Hospital of Illinois.'
b'UnityPoint'
b'OSF HealthCare'
b'Jump'
b'OSF HealthCare Children\xe2\x80\x99s Hospital of Illinois'
b'The Middle of Everywhere'
b'Peoria isn\xe2\x80\x99t just the heart of Illinois. It\xe2\x80\x99s the heart of the country. We\xe2\x80\x99re roughly three hours to Chicago, three hours to Indianapolis and three hours to St. Louis. Our international airport (with free parking!) makes it easy to get where you need to go.'
b'Outside Activities Galore'
b'If being surrounded by nature is your idea of bliss, hike at Forest Park Nature Center or one of our many parks. Feeling exotic? Visit the Peoria Zoo or spot animals in their native habitats at the expansive Wildlife Prairie Park. Attend outdoor concerts along the riverfront or check out fun festivals like Erin Feis, Oktoberfest, Mardi Gras in May or WinterFest.'
b'Forest Park Nature Center'
b'Peoria Zoo'
b'Wildlife Prairie Park'
b'outdoor concerts along the riverfront'
b'Erin Feis'
b'Oktoberfest'
b'Mardi Gras in May'
b'WinterFest'
b'On the field or off, there are many choices when it comes to sports in the area. Take a swing at the Louisville Slugger Sports Complex. You can find your bliss with yoga or work off stress spiking a volleyball. These, along with many other sports for adults and kids, are available through the Peoria Park District. Feel like relaxing in the stands? Take in a Peoria Chiefs baseball game, see action on ice with the Peoria Rivermen or cheer on the Bradley Braves.'
b'Louisville Slugger Sports Complex'
b'Peoria Park District'
b'Peoria Chiefs'
b'Peoria Rivermen'
b'Bradley Braves'
b'Arts Hotspot'
b'Experience Peoria\xe2\x80\x99s rich art scene, from the Peoria Symphony or Heartland Festival Orchestra to one of the many Broadway shows or bands making tour stops at the Civic Center. Prefer the stage to a seat in the audience? You can participate in music, poetry or comedy open mic events or take on a role in our active community theater. Enjoy visual arts? Stroll the Sculpture Walk, attend the annual nationally recognized Fine Arts Fair or stop by the many monthly First Friday events.'
b'Peoria Symphony'
b'Heartland Festival Orchestra'
b'Civic Center'
b'music'
b'poetry'
b'comedy open mic'
b'community theater'
b'Sculpture Walk'
b'Fine Arts Fair'
b'First Friday'
b'Delectable Eats & Treats'
b'Please your palate at one of Peoria\xe2\x80\x99s many locally owned restaurants. Whether searching for a culinary adventure, a farm-to-table experience or something in between, you won\xe2\x80\x99t be disappointed. Then, raise a glass at a microbrewery and vineyard in the area. Are you a chef yourself? Peruse local farmers\xe2\x80\x99 markets for fresh ingredients for your next home-cooked meal.'
b'culinary adventure'
b'farm-to-table experience'
b'something in between'
b'microbrewery'
b'vineyard'
b'local farmers\xe2\x80\x99 markets'
b'Where Old Meets New'
b'Peoria blends time-honored traditions with fresh, new fun. Our annual Santa Claus parade, first held in 1888, is the longest-running parade in the country. We\xe2\x80\x99re reviving our whiskey city roots with a revitalized and updated warehouse district. We\xe2\x80\x99ve even broken ground on a beautiful new park spanning our waterfront. With a strong foundation and bold exciting plans, we here in Peoria look to a bright future, which we invite you to be a part of.'
b'reviving our whiskey city roots'
b'updated warehouse district'
b'\xc2\xa0'
b'\xe2\x86\x90'
b'\xe2\x86\x90'
b''
b'About'
b'Education'
b'Research'
b'Patient Care'
b'Departments'
b'News'
b'Giving'
b'INFORMATION FOR:'
b'Prospective Students'
b'Current Students'
b'Faculty & Staff'
b'Alumni & Friends'
b'Patients'
b'RESOURCES:'
b'UIC Directory'
b'Blackboard'
b'Event Calendar'
b'Emergency Information'
b'Contact Us'
b'Apply Now'
b'Give'
b'Contact Us'
b''
b''
b''
b'If you have questions, comments, or problems accessing this site, please'
b'E-mail the webmaster'
b'\xc2\xa0Privacy Statement'
b'College of Medicine'
b'Chicago'
b'Peoria'
b'Rockford'
b'Urbana'
b''
