b'Welcome From Regional Dean | Rockford Medicine'
b'Skip to content'
b'College of Medicine'
b'Chicago'
b'Peoria'
b'Rockford'
b'Urbana'
b'UIC'
b'UIC Directory'
b'  '
b''
b'About '
b'Welcome From Regional Dean'
b'Dean\xe2\x80\x99s Action Council'
b'UIC Health Sciences Campus-Rockford'
b'Fast Facts'
b'More About the Campus'
b'Visiting the Campus'
b'Employment'
b'Apply for a Job at the College'
b'Civil Service Practice Test'
b'Benefits'
b'Contact Us'
b'Education '
b'MD Admissions'
b'Rockford Interviews'
b'MD Curriculum'
b'Campus Specific Programs'
b'Curriculum by Year'
b'Course Management/Blackboard'
b'Exams/Benware/Course Evaluations'
b'Visiting Students'
b'Medical Education and Evaluation'
b'MD Student Services and Support'
b'Student Affairs Staff'
b'Housing'
b'Computing'
b'Library'
b'Registrar'
b'Academic Skills'
b'Step 1 Resources'
b'Career Services'
b'Student Financial Planning'
b'Scholarship Opportunities'
b'Student Health and Wellness'
b'MD Student Life'
b'Rockford Resources'
b'Student Organizations'
b'Parking & Transportation'
b'Diversity'
b'Educational Policies'
b'Master of Science in Medical Biotechnology Program'
b'Graduate Medical Education (GME)'
b'Family Medicine Residency Welcome'
b'Career and Life Planning for Residents'
b'Policies Manual'
b'Rockford Family Medicine Residency Program'
b'Curriculum'
b'Salary/Benefits'
b'Resident Life'
b'How to Apply'
b'SwedishAmerican Hospital'
b'Our Faculty'
b'Faculty and Resident Photo Composite'
b'Visit us on Facebook'
b'Dixon Rural Training Track'
b'Monroe Clinic Rural Family Medicine Residency Program'
b'Hospice and Palliative Medicine Fellowship Program'
b'Continuing Medical Education (CME)'
b'Programs for High School and College Students'
b'Rural Health Careers Camp for High School Students'
b'STEM Camp for High School Students'
b'Summer Science Internship Program for High School Students'
b'Rural Health Professions Summer Preceptorship'
b'Rural Health Careers Camp Counselors and Camp Counselor Leader'
b'Summer Medical Research Training Program for College Students'
b'Research '
b'Research in Rockford'
b'National Center for Rural Health Professionals'
b'Biomedical Research'
b'Health Policy and Social Science Research'
b'Library of the Health Sciences'
b'Research Opportunities for Students'
b'Summer Science Internship Program'
b'Office of Research'
b'Institutional Biosafety Committee (IBC)'
b'Human Subjects Research (IRB)'
b'Biologic Resource Committee (BRC)'
b'Faculty Research Resources'
b'IRB Policy and Procedure Manual'
b'Center for Clinical and Translational Science'
b'Annual Research Day'
b'Patient Care '
b'UI Health L.P. Johnson Family Health Center'
b'Insurance and Payment Policies'
b'Your Health Care Team'
b'UI Health Patient Portal'
b'Insurance Coverage'
b'Patient Privacy: HIPAA'
b'University Thyroid Disease in Pregnancy Clinic'
b'Local Affiliations'
b'Departments '
b'Academic Departments'
b'Biomedical Sciences'
b'Family and Community Medicine'
b'Medicine and Medical Specialties'
b'Obstetrics and Gynecology'
b'Pathology'
b'Pediatrics'
b'MERIT'
b'Ways to Help MERIT'
b'Psychiatry'
b'Surgery and Surgical Specialties'
b'Centers'
b'National Center for Rural Health Professions'
b'News'
b'Giving '
b'Areas of Impact'
b'Ways to Give'
b'Planned Giving'
b'Giving Impact & Stewardship'
b'Give Now!'
b'Alumni & Friends'
b'Advancement Communications'
b'Contact Us'
b''
b'Welcome From Regional Dean'
b'Home'
b'About'
b'tlowery1'
b'Welcome from the Regional Dean'
b'Exciting things are happening at the University of Illinois College of Medicine Rockford! We are embarking on impactful transformation to move the college and campus in a strongly progressive direction.'
b'Our mission of\xc2\xa0education, research and service for health\xc2\xa0keeps us focused on\xc2\xa0being an academic medical center committed to developing an optimal learning environment for training healthcare professionals, conducting innovative research and improving the health and wellness of our society. After an intense strategic planning process with nearly 100 community partners and campus leaders, seven committees were charged with developing actionable objectives to fulfill that mission. Their work was stellar!'
b'The UIC Health Sciences Campus-Rockford includes the College of Medicine, College of Nursing\xc2\xa0and College of Pharmacy\xc2\xa0and their respective programs, which allows for inter-professional collaboration among our students.'
b'Important research in the fields of cancer, immunology and health policy is conducted on campus. Due to a remarkably generous gift of $3 million from the Blazer Foundation, we opened the Regenerative Medicine and Disability Research Laboratory. The Research Committee prepared a growth plan for the next five years and identified ways to promote increased medical student, resident, fellow and faculty participation in research.'
b'Founded in 1971 to address the health care needs of the people of Illinois, the University of Illinois College of Medicine Rockford has trained more than\xc2\xa02,200 physicians. Nearly 50 percent of our graduates practice in Illinois and over 250 remain in the Rockford region. In addition to training physicians, the College of Medicine Rockford provides health care services at the L.P. Johnson Family Health Center. Dr. L.P. Johnson, a pioneer in family medicine education, started our Family Medicine Residency Program in 1972.'
b'The College of Medicine Rockford also serves as home to The National Center for Rural Health Professions and the Rural Medical Education (RMED) Program. RMED trains medical students to meet the specific needs of rural communities. We offer opportunities for area high school and college students to interact closely with professionals in an academic or industrial research environment through summer internships and a partnership with Thermo Fisher Scientific.'
b'The College has benefited from strong community partnerships. Those relationships have been enhanced and new ones forged as the College has taken an increasingly active role in improving the health and well-being of the community of Rockford and transforming the campus into a vibrant site for community activities related to health, wellness and education. The campus is designed to promote health and wellness for faculty, staff and students with healthy food options, wellness programs a fitness center and coffee lounge.'
b'As an economic driver for the city and the region, the College has identified methods to promote growth including developing research opportunities and a research agenda that can add value to the local economy and support private company work in the community through collaboration with University of Illinois expertise and resources; identifying and assisting in the coordination of community and health system programs and initiatives, thus creating a focus of greater cohesion concerning health and wellness in the community; and creating income opportunities through sponsored learning programs. The campus is available to host national or regional conferences as well as continue to deliver community-based wellness programs.'
b'I am both humbled and grateful to serve as Regional Dean of the College of Medicine Rockford. It is my goal to greatly expand upon the areas in which the College of Medicine has already excelled, and to dedicate the college to enhancing the health and economy of Rockford region. I hope you will feel free to contact me with any questions or suggestions you may have. I can be reached at (815) 395-5600 or at ASG@uic.edu to begin the dialogue.'
b'ASG@uic.edu'
b'Sincerely,'
b'Alex Stagnaro-Green, MD, MHPE, MHA Regional Dean Professor of Medicine, Obstetrics and Gynecology, and Medical Education University of Illinois College of Medicine Rockford'
b'Campus History'
b'Since 1971, the College of Medicine at Rockford has focused on building an academic medical institution committed to education and advocacy, dedicated to research and continuous innovation, and centered on clinical service in the surrounding communities.\xc2\xa0More About the Campus'
b'More About the Campus'
b'About'
b'Welcome From Regional Dean'
b'Dean\xe2\x80\x99s Action Council'
b'UIC Health Sciences Campus-Rockford'
b'Fast Facts'
b'More About the Region'
b'Visiting the Campus'
b'Employment'
b'Contact Us'
b''
b'About'
b'Education'
b'Research'
b'Patient Care'
b'Departments'
b'News'
b'Giving'
b'INFORMATION FOR:'
b'Prospective and Current Students'
b'Faculty & Staff'
b'Alumni & Friends'
b'Patients'
b'Businesses and Community'
b'RESOURCES:'
b'UIC Directory'
b'Blackboard'
b'Emergency Information'
b'Contact Us'
b'Apply Now'
b'Give'
b'Contact Us'
b''
b''
b''
b'If you have questions, comments, or problems accessing this site, please'
b'E-mail the webmaster'
b'\xc2\xa0Privacy Statement'
b'College of Medicine'
b'Chicago'
b'Peoria'
b'Rockford'
b'Urbana'
b''
