b'UIC Health Sciences Campus-Rockford | Rockford Medicine'
b'Skip to content'
b'College of Medicine'
b'Chicago'
b'Peoria'
b'Rockford'
b'Urbana'
b'UIC'
b'UIC Directory'
b'  '
b''
b'About '
b'Welcome From Regional Dean'
b'Dean\xe2\x80\x99s Action Council'
b'UIC Health Sciences Campus-Rockford'
b'Fast Facts'
b'More About the Campus'
b'Visiting the Campus'
b'Employment'
b'Apply for a Job at the College'
b'Civil Service Practice Test'
b'Benefits'
b'Contact Us'
b'Education '
b'MD Admissions'
b'Rockford Interviews'
b'MD Curriculum'
b'Campus Specific Programs'
b'Curriculum by Year'
b'Course Management/Blackboard'
b'Exams/Benware/Course Evaluations'
b'Visiting Students'
b'Medical Education and Evaluation'
b'MD Student Services and Support'
b'Student Affairs Staff'
b'Housing'
b'Computing'
b'Library'
b'Registrar'
b'Academic Skills'
b'Step 1 Resources'
b'Career Services'
b'Student Financial Planning'
b'Scholarship Opportunities'
b'Student Health and Wellness'
b'MD Student Life'
b'Rockford Resources'
b'Student Organizations'
b'Parking & Transportation'
b'Diversity'
b'Educational Policies'
b'Master of Science in Medical Biotechnology Program'
b'Graduate Medical Education (GME)'
b'Family Medicine Residency Welcome'
b'Career and Life Planning for Residents'
b'Policies Manual'
b'Rockford Family Medicine Residency Program'
b'Curriculum'
b'Salary/Benefits'
b'Resident Life'
b'How to Apply'
b'SwedishAmerican Hospital'
b'Our Faculty'
b'Faculty and Resident Photo Composite'
b'Visit us on Facebook'
b'Dixon Rural Training Track'
b'Monroe Clinic Rural Family Medicine Residency Program'
b'Hospice and Palliative Medicine Fellowship Program'
b'Continuing Medical Education (CME)'
b'Programs for High School and College Students'
b'Rural Health Careers Camp for High School Students'
b'STEM Camp for High School Students'
b'Summer Science Internship Program for High School Students'
b'Rural Health Professions Summer Preceptorship'
b'Rural Health Careers Camp Counselors and Camp Counselor Leader'
b'Summer Medical Research Training Program for College Students'
b'Research '
b'Research in Rockford'
b'National Center for Rural Health Professionals'
b'Biomedical Research'
b'Health Policy and Social Science Research'
b'Library of the Health Sciences'
b'Research Opportunities for Students'
b'Summer Science Internship Program'
b'Office of Research'
b'Institutional Biosafety Committee (IBC)'
b'Human Subjects Research (IRB)'
b'Biologic Resource Committee (BRC)'
b'Faculty Research Resources'
b'IRB Policy and Procedure Manual'
b'Center for Clinical and Translational Science'
b'Annual Research Day'
b'Patient Care '
b'UI Health L.P. Johnson Family Health Center'
b'Insurance and Payment Policies'
b'Your Health Care Team'
b'UI Health Patient Portal'
b'Insurance Coverage'
b'Patient Privacy: HIPAA'
b'University Thyroid Disease in Pregnancy Clinic'
b'Local Affiliations'
b'Departments '
b'Academic Departments'
b'Biomedical Sciences'
b'Family and Community Medicine'
b'Medicine and Medical Specialties'
b'Obstetrics and Gynecology'
b'Pathology'
b'Pediatrics'
b'MERIT'
b'Ways to Help MERIT'
b'Psychiatry'
b'Surgery and Surgical Specialties'
b'Centers'
b'National Center for Rural Health Professions'
b'News'
b'Giving '
b'Areas of Impact'
b'Ways to Give'
b'Planned Giving'
b'Giving Impact & Stewardship'
b'Give Now!'
b'Alumni & Friends'
b'Advancement Communications'
b'Contact Us'
b''
b'UIC Health Sciences Campus-Rockford'
b'Home'
b'About'
b'Welcome From Regional Dean'
b'tlowery1'
b'The UIC Health Sciences Campus-Rockford is home to programs of the University of Illinois at Chicago\xe2\x80\x99s Colleges of Medicine, Nursing and Pharmacy.'
b'UIC Health Sciences Campus-Rockford'
b'The UIC Health Sciences Campus-Rockford at 1601 Parkview Ave. in Rockford, Ill., is nestled in a 20-acre, park-like setting in a neighborhood just east of the Rock River.'
b'The UIC Health Sciences Campus-Rockford is home to the University of Illinois College of Medicine Rockford, the University of Illinois at Chicago College of\xc2\xa0Nursing-Rockford Regional Campus, and the University of Illinois College of\xc2\xa0Pharmacy at Rockford and their respective programs, centers and research. The Crawford Library of the Health Sciences-Rockford on the campus serves students, resident physicians, staff and faculty and is open to the public. Other groups and organizations may also rent space on the campus.'
b'Nursing'
b'Pharmacy'
b'Crawford Library of the Health Sciences'
b'The Medical Student Activity Center, also known as The Green House, is a place for students to meet, relax and study.'
b'The campus has five buildings that are connected \xe2\x80\x93 the North Building, South Building, East Building, Maintenance Building and the A Building \xe2\x80\x93 plus a Medical Student Activity Center. The main entrance and reception area are located on the east side at the newest A Building.'
b'The campus itself dates back to 1916 when it became home to the Rockford Municipal Tuberculosis Sanitarium (North Building). The sanitarium expanded in 1945 through the addition of the Art-Deco-style South Building. As better treatments for the respiratory illness were developed, the need for a TB sanitarium waned. The founders of the College of Medicine Rockford determined that the Parkview Ave. campus was a good site for a new community-based medical school and it was purchased by the University of Illinois at Chicago in 1971 and, in 1972, the first medical students came to campus after spending their first year at the Urbana campus. The second oldest building on campus, dating back to 1927, is the cottage near the North Building that is the Medical Student Activity Center, known to many as the \xe2\x80\x9cGreen House,\xe2\x80\x9d where medical students since the first class have used the space for studying, events and recreational activities.'
b'The East Building is six floors tall.'
b'The six-story East Building was added in 1974, providing laboratory space for research, offices and classroom space. In 2017, this building underwent extensive remodeling to accommodate a Gross Anatomy Laboratory, Team-Based Learning Classroom, Virtual Anatomy Laboratory and enhancements to the Commons.'
b'The Art Deco-style South Building was once part of the Rockford Municipal TB Sanitarium. Today it houses administrative and faculty offices.'
b'The South Building is home to the College of Nursing, which came to the campus in 1991 offering a Master of Science in Nursing and Doctor of Nursing Practice programs and is located on the third floor. The South Building is also home to the College of Medicine\xe2\x80\x99s Office of the Dean, Office of Human Resources, Office of Financial Affairs, the Central Dining Room and other offices and conference rooms.'
b'The North Building\xe2\x80\x99s red awning welcomes patients to Student Health and Wellness and the UI Health Thyroid Disease in Pregnancy Clinic.'
b'The North Building is home to the UI Health Thyroid Disease in Pregnancy Clinic and\xc2\xa0 Student Health and Wellness, which are both accessed through the entrance with the red awning. The Office of Research and several faculty offices are also in the North Building. College of Pharmacy faculty offices, a research lab and student lounge are also in the North Building.'
b'The main entrance to the campus is in the newest A Building.'
b'In 2009, a 58,000-square-foot, Silver Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design (LEED) Certified addition was added to the campus. The A Building provides space for the College of Pharmacy program that started enrolling students in 2010, as well as the College of Medicine\xe2\x80\x99s National Center for Rural Health Professions, Office of Student Affairs, Office of Medical Education, lecture halls, study rooms and event spaces. In addition to the Crawford Library of the Health Sciences, this three-story addition also houses the Glenn Netto Health and Wellness Center, Simulation Center, Clinical Skills Center and Computer-Based Testing Center.'
b'For information, call (815) 395-0600.'
b'About'
b'Welcome From Regional Dean'
b'Dean\xe2\x80\x99s Action Council'
b'UIC Health Sciences Campus-Rockford'
b'Fast Facts'
b'More About the Region'
b'Visiting the Campus'
b'Employment'
b'Contact Us'
b''
b'About'
b'Education'
b'Research'
b'Patient Care'
b'Departments'
b'News'
b'Giving'
b'INFORMATION FOR:'
b'Prospective and Current Students'
b'Faculty & Staff'
b'Alumni & Friends'
b'Patients'
b'Businesses and Community'
b'RESOURCES:'
b'UIC Directory'
b'Blackboard'
b'Emergency Information'
b'Contact Us'
b'Apply Now'
b'Give'
b'Contact Us'
b''
b''
b''
b'If you have questions, comments, or problems accessing this site, please'
b'E-mail the webmaster'
b'\xc2\xa0Privacy Statement'
b'College of Medicine'
b'Chicago'
b'Peoria'
b'Rockford'
b'Urbana'
b''
