b'University Thyroid Disease in Pregnancy Clinic | Rockford Medicine'
b'Skip to content'
b'College of Medicine'
b'Chicago'
b'Peoria'
b'Rockford'
b'Urbana'
b'UIC'
b'UIC Directory'
b'  '
b''
b'About '
b'Welcome From Regional Dean'
b'Dean\xe2\x80\x99s Action Council'
b'UIC Health Sciences Campus-Rockford'
b'Fast Facts'
b'More About the Campus'
b'Visiting the Campus'
b'Employment'
b'Apply for a Job at the College'
b'Civil Service Practice Test'
b'Benefits'
b'Contact Us'
b'Education '
b'MD Admissions'
b'Rockford Interviews'
b'MD Curriculum'
b'Campus Specific Programs'
b'Curriculum by Year'
b'Course Management/Blackboard'
b'Exams/Benware/Course Evaluations'
b'Visiting Students'
b'Medical Education and Evaluation'
b'MD Student Services and Support'
b'Student Affairs Staff'
b'Housing'
b'Computing'
b'Library'
b'Registrar'
b'Academic Skills'
b'Step 1 Resources'
b'Career Services'
b'Student Financial Planning'
b'Scholarship Opportunities'
b'Student Health and Wellness'
b'MD Student Life'
b'Rockford Resources'
b'Student Organizations'
b'Parking & Transportation'
b'Diversity'
b'Educational Policies'
b'Master of Science in Medical Biotechnology Program'
b'Graduate Medical Education (GME)'
b'Family Medicine Residency Welcome'
b'Career and Life Planning for Residents'
b'Policies Manual'
b'Rockford Family Medicine Residency Program'
b'Curriculum'
b'Salary/Benefits'
b'Resident Life'
b'How to Apply'
b'SwedishAmerican Hospital'
b'Our Faculty'
b'Faculty and Resident Photo Composite'
b'Visit us on Facebook'
b'Dixon Rural Training Track'
b'Monroe Clinic Rural Family Medicine Residency Program'
b'Hospice and Palliative Medicine Fellowship Program'
b'Continuing Medical Education (CME)'
b'Programs for High School and College Students'
b'Rural Health Careers Camp for High School Students'
b'STEM Camp for High School Students'
b'Summer Science Internship Program for High School Students'
b'Rural Health Professions Summer Preceptorship'
b'Rural Health Careers Camp Counselors and Camp Counselor Leader'
b'Summer Medical Research Training Program for College Students'
b'Research '
b'Research in Rockford'
b'National Center for Rural Health Professionals'
b'Biomedical Research'
b'Health Policy and Social Science Research'
b'Library of the Health Sciences'
b'Research Opportunities for Students'
b'Summer Science Internship Program'
b'Office of Research'
b'Institutional Biosafety Committee (IBC)'
b'Human Subjects Research (IRB)'
b'Biologic Resource Committee (BRC)'
b'Faculty Research Resources'
b'IRB Policy and Procedure Manual'
b'Center for Clinical and Translational Science'
b'Annual Research Day'
b'Patient Care '
b'UI Health L.P. Johnson Family Health Center'
b'Insurance and Payment Policies'
b'Your Health Care Team'
b'UI Health Patient Portal'
b'Insurance Coverage'
b'Patient Privacy: HIPAA'
b'University Thyroid Disease in Pregnancy Clinic'
b'Local Affiliations'
b'Departments '
b'Academic Departments'
b'Biomedical Sciences'
b'Family and Community Medicine'
b'Medicine and Medical Specialties'
b'Obstetrics and Gynecology'
b'Pathology'
b'Pediatrics'
b'MERIT'
b'Ways to Help MERIT'
b'Psychiatry'
b'Surgery and Surgical Specialties'
b'Centers'
b'National Center for Rural Health Professions'
b'News'
b'Giving '
b'Areas of Impact'
b'Ways to Give'
b'Planned Giving'
b'Giving Impact & Stewardship'
b'Give Now!'
b'Alumni & Friends'
b'Advancement Communications'
b'Contact Us'
b''
b'University Thyroid Disease in Pregnancy Clinic'
b'Home'
b'Patient Care'
b'tlowery1'
b'University Thyroid Disease in Pregnancy Clinic'
b'Women with thyroid disease who are or who want to become pregnant, as well as women who develop thyroid disease during or right after pregnancy, can see a renowned doctor who specializes in thyroid disease in pregnancy at the University Thyroid Disease in Pregnancy Clinic in Rockford.'
b'Dr. Alex Stagnaro-Green sees patients at this clinic that is operated by the University of Illinois College of Medicine Rockford at the UIC Health Sciences Campus-Rockford, 1601 Parkview Ave.'
b'A family physician, obstetrician or endocrinologist usually will refer patients to see Dr. Stagnaro-Green and he will work with that physician to ensure coordinated care. Patients seeking a second opinion may also make an appointment with Dr. Stagnaro-Green.'
b'The University Thyroid Disease in Pregnancy Clinic accepts Medicare and Medicaid as well as most insurance plans. Patients should check with their insurance plans before their visit about their coverage.'
b'Appointments'
b'To schedule an appointment with Dr. Stagnaro-Green, call (815) 395-5870 and the Student Health and Wellness receptionist will assist you.\xc2\xa0'
b'Directions '
b'The University Thyroid Disease in Pregnancy Clinic is located at the UIC Health Sciences Campus-Rockford at 1601 Parkview Ave. From the Parkview Ave. driveway, take the first left to enter the clinic parking area. The clinic entrance is located under the red awning.'
b'Map'
b'Map'
b'About Dr. Alex Stagnaro-Green'
b'Dr. Alex Stagnaro-Green'
b'Alex Stagnaro-Green, MD, MHPE, MHA, is dean of the College of Medicine Rockford and professor of medicine, obstetrics and gynecology, and medical education. Dr. Stagnaro-Green is a renowned clinician-scientist and academic leader with extensive experience in clinical research and public service in the field of thyroid and pregnancy.'
b'Dr. Stagnaro-Green graduated from Mount Sinai School of Medicine in 1983. Following a residency in internal medicine at New Jersey Medical School, he completed a fellowship in endocrinology and metabolism at the Mount Sinai School of Medicine.'
b'An internationally known researcher in the field of thyroid disease and pregnancy, Dr. Stagnaro-Green reported in the Journal of the American Medical Association in 1990 the seminal finding that linked thyroid antibody positivity in euthyroid women to a doubling of the rate of spontaneous miscarriage. His endocrine research focuses on thyroid antibodies and miscarriage, the relationship between thyroid dysfunction and preterm delivery, and postpartum thyroiditis. He has served as chairman of the American Thyroid Association task force on thyroid and pregnancy. In 2011, Dr. Stagnaro-Green was the chair and lead author on clinical guidelines on thyroid and pregnancy which have been endorsed worldwide, including the European Thyroid Association, Latin American Thyroid Association, and the Australian Thyroid Association. He has published 100 peer-reviewed articles, editorials and book chapters and has served as section editor of two books.'
b'About Thyroid Disease in Pregnancy'
b'Learn more about thyroid disease and pregnancy at https://www.niddk.nih.gov/health-information/endocrine-diseases/pregnancy-thyroid-disease.'
b'https://www.niddk.nih.gov/health-information/endocrine-diseases/pregnancy-thyroid-disease'
b'UI Health Patient Portal'
b'UI Health Patient Portal'
b'University Thyroid\xc2\xa0Disease in Pregnancy Clinic 1601 Parkview Avenue Rockford, IL 61107-1897 Tel: (815) 395-5870'
b'[/fusion_text][/fusion_builder_column][/fusion_builder_row][/fusion_builder_container]'
b'Patient Care'
b'UI Health Patient Portal'
b'Insurance Coverage'
b'Patient Privacy: HIPAA'
b'UI Health L.P. Johnson Family Health Center'
b'Insurance and Payment Policies'
b'Pregnancy Services'
b'Your Health Care Team'
b'University Thyroid Disease in Pregnancy Clinic'
b'Local Affiliations'
b''
b'About'
b'Education'
b'Research'
b'Patient Care'
b'Departments'
b'News'
b'Giving'
b'INFORMATION FOR:'
b'Prospective and Current Students'
b'Faculty & Staff'
b'Alumni & Friends'
b'Patients'
b'Businesses and Community'
b'RESOURCES:'
b'UIC Directory'
b'Blackboard'
b'Emergency Information'
b'Contact Us'
b'Apply Now'
b'Give'
b'Contact Us'
b''
b''
b''
b'If you have questions, comments, or problems accessing this site, please'
b'E-mail the webmaster'
b'\xc2\xa0Privacy Statement'
b'College of Medicine'
b'Chicago'
b'Peoria'
b'Rockford'
b'Urbana'
b''
