b'Local Affiliations | Rockford Medicine'
b'Skip to content'
b'College of Medicine'
b'Chicago'
b'Peoria'
b'Rockford'
b'Urbana'
b'UIC'
b'UIC Directory'
b'  '
b''
b'About '
b'Welcome From Regional Dean'
b'Dean\xe2\x80\x99s Action Council'
b'UIC Health Sciences Campus-Rockford'
b'Fast Facts'
b'More About the Campus'
b'Visiting the Campus'
b'Employment'
b'Apply for a Job at the College'
b'Civil Service Practice Test'
b'Benefits'
b'Contact Us'
b'Education '
b'MD Admissions'
b'Rockford Interviews'
b'MD Curriculum'
b'Campus Specific Programs'
b'Curriculum by Year'
b'Course Management/Blackboard'
b'Exams/Benware/Course Evaluations'
b'Visiting Students'
b'Medical Education and Evaluation'
b'MD Student Services and Support'
b'Student Affairs Staff'
b'Housing'
b'Computing'
b'Library'
b'Registrar'
b'Academic Skills'
b'Step 1 Resources'
b'Career Services'
b'Student Financial Planning'
b'Scholarship Opportunities'
b'Student Health and Wellness'
b'MD Student Life'
b'Rockford Resources'
b'Student Organizations'
b'Parking & Transportation'
b'Diversity'
b'Educational Policies'
b'Master of Science in Medical Biotechnology Program'
b'Graduate Medical Education (GME)'
b'Family Medicine Residency Welcome'
b'Career and Life Planning for Residents'
b'Policies Manual'
b'Rockford Family Medicine Residency Program'
b'Curriculum'
b'Salary/Benefits'
b'Resident Life'
b'How to Apply'
b'SwedishAmerican Hospital'
b'Our Faculty'
b'Faculty and Resident Photo Composite'
b'Visit us on Facebook'
b'Dixon Rural Training Track'
b'Monroe Clinic Rural Family Medicine Residency Program'
b'Hospice and Palliative Medicine Fellowship Program'
b'Continuing Medical Education (CME)'
b'Programs for High School and College Students'
b'Rural Health Careers Camp for High School Students'
b'STEM Camp for High School Students'
b'Summer Science Internship Program for High School Students'
b'Rural Health Professions Summer Preceptorship'
b'Rural Health Careers Camp Counselors and Camp Counselor Leader'
b'Summer Medical Research Training Program for College Students'
b'Research '
b'Research in Rockford'
b'National Center for Rural Health Professionals'
b'Biomedical Research'
b'Health Policy and Social Science Research'
b'Library of the Health Sciences'
b'Research Opportunities for Students'
b'Summer Science Internship Program'
b'Office of Research'
b'Institutional Biosafety Committee (IBC)'
b'Human Subjects Research (IRB)'
b'Biologic Resource Committee (BRC)'
b'Faculty Research Resources'
b'IRB Policy and Procedure Manual'
b'Center for Clinical and Translational Science'
b'Annual Research Day'
b'Patient Care '
b'UI Health L.P. Johnson Family Health Center'
b'Insurance and Payment Policies'
b'Your Health Care Team'
b'UI Health Patient Portal'
b'Insurance Coverage'
b'Patient Privacy: HIPAA'
b'University Thyroid Disease in Pregnancy Clinic'
b'Local Affiliations'
b'Departments '
b'Academic Departments'
b'Biomedical Sciences'
b'Family and Community Medicine'
b'Medicine and Medical Specialties'
b'Obstetrics and Gynecology'
b'Pathology'
b'Pediatrics'
b'MERIT'
b'Ways to Help MERIT'
b'Psychiatry'
b'Surgery and Surgical Specialties'
b'Centers'
b'National Center for Rural Health Professions'
b'News'
b'Giving '
b'Areas of Impact'
b'Ways to Give'
b'Planned Giving'
b'Giving Impact & Stewardship'
b'Give Now!'
b'Alumni & Friends'
b'Advancement Communications'
b'Contact Us'
b''
b'Local Affiliations'
b'Home'
b'Patient Care'
b'tlowery1'
b'Local Affiliations Affiliations and Community PartnersThe College of Medicine Rockford maintains affiliations with hospitals and organizations worldwide. We are dedicated to actively promoting and becoming involved with organizations that are working to make a difference. Through these partnerships, we are able to extend our reach and offer students diverse training opportunities. These partnerships include:Local Hospitals and OrganizationsOur medical students receive their training at community institutions where our faculty physicians provide university-level healthcare to patients.RMED Collaborating HospitalsDuring their fourth year, students in the RMED program participate in a 16-week preceptorship experience that takes place at one of 25 rural collaborating hospitals across Illinois.#wrapper .fusion-tabs.fusion-tabs-1.clean .nav-tabs li a{border-color:#ebeaea}.fusion-tabs.fusion-tabs-1 .nav-tabs li a{background-color:#ebeaea}.fusion-tabs.fusion-tabs-1 .nav-tabs li.active a,.fusion-tabs.fusion-tabs-1 .nav-tabs li.active a:hover,.fusion-tabs.fusion-tabs-1 .nav-tabs li.active a:focus{background-color:#fff}.fusion-tabs.fusion-tabs-1 .nav-tabs li a:hover{background-color:#fff;border-top-color:#fff}.fusion-tabs.fusion-tabs-1 .tab-pane{background-color:#fff}.fusion-tabs.fusion-tabs-1 .nav,.fusion-tabs.fusion-tabs-1 .nav-tabs,.fusion-tabs.fusion-tabs-1 .tab-content .tab-pane{border-color:#ebeaea}Local Hospitals and OrganizationsRMED Collaborating HospitalsLocal Hospitals and OrganizationsOSF Saint Anthony Medical Center OSF Saint Anthony Medical Center, a Level 1 Trauma Center, is a 254-bed tertiary care facility that serves a 10-county area for services including trauma, orthopedics, neurosurgery and cardiac surgery. Saint Anthony is the site of the Regional Burn Unit, Regional Heart Institute, Illinois Neurosciences Institute, and the Saint Anthony College of Nursing and School of Medical Technology. The Center also offers the Northern Illinois Mobile Intensive Care Program for paramedic training. Its latest addition, a Center for Cancer Care, offers radiation therapy, chemotherapy, physician offices and support services.Mercyhealth Located in Rockford, Illinois, Mercyhealth offers a full \xe2\x80\x9ccontinuum of care\xe2\x80\x9d \xe2\x80\x93 from wellness and preventive services to primary, outpatient, hospital and home care \xe2\x80\x93 and many of their physicians have faculty appointments and provide training and instruction to College of Medicine Rockford students.SwedishAmerican Health System SwedishAmerican Health System: A Division of UW Health, has a 357-bed non-profit full-service hospital centrally located in Rockford, Illinois, and is affiliated with the College of Medicine\xe2\x80\x99s Family Practice Residency Program. Founded in 1911, the hospital serves greater Rockford, northern Illinois and southern Wisconsin. Specialty programs include their heart hospital, cancer center, psychiatry and mental health, general and specialty pediatrics, geriatrics, women\xe2\x80\x99s services, orthopedics, occupational health and gastroenterology.Pinecrest Community Pinecrest Community in Mt. Morris, Illinois, is a nursing home and retirement facility that serves nearly 200 older adults. The community includes Pinecrest Village, which provides 48 congregate living apartments and nine cottages for independent living, and Pinecrest Manor, a 121-bed nursing home offering Alzheimer\xe2\x80\x99s care.Rockford Health CouncilRockford Health Council is a collaborative,\xc2\xa0community-based non-profit organization. Located at the University of Illinois College of Medicine Rockford, Rockford Health Council\xc2\xa0conducts periodic needs assessments, works across\xc2\xa0the community\xc2\xa0to mobilize organizations and individuals to address defined health priority\xc2\xa0issues, and\xc2\xa0pursues public policy advocacy.\xc2\xa0 For more information visit www.rockfordhealth.org.Carrie Lynn Children\xe2\x80\x99s Center Located in Rockford, Illinois, the Carrie Lynn Children\xe2\x80\x99s Center serves as a central location for providing front-end services needed by child victims of sexual and severe physical abuse. The main goal of the Center is to help reduce trauma by improving the efficiency of the systems that respond to cases of child abuse. Operating within the Center, the Children\xe2\x80\x99s Advocacy Project (CAP) coordinates investigations and prosecutions of child sexual abuse and serious physical abuse cases. The University of Illinois College of Medicine Rockford\xe2\x80\x99s Medical Evaluation Response Initiative Team (MERIT) Program is committed to helping the mission of the Carrie Lynn Center by providing medical examinations to abused children.For more information contact:Kathryn A. Pomahac Executive Director Carrie Lynn Children\xe2\x80\x99s Center 826 N. Main Street Rockford, Illinois 61103 tel. (815) 319-4150 Fax. (815) 319-4151RMED Collaborating Hospitals'
b'Local Affiliations'
b'Affiliations and Community Partners'
b'The College of Medicine Rockford maintains affiliations with hospitals and organizations worldwide. We are dedicated to actively promoting and becoming involved with organizations that are working to make a difference. Through these partnerships, we are able to extend our reach and offer students diverse training opportunities. These partnerships include:'
b'Local Hospitals and Organizations'
b'Our medical students receive their training at community institutions where our faculty physicians provide university-level healthcare to patients.'
b'RMED Collaborating Hospitals'
b'During their fourth year, students in the RMED program participate in a 16-week preceptorship experience that takes place at one of 25 rural collaborating hospitals across Illinois.'
b'RMED program'
b'Local Hospitals and Organizations'
b'RMED Collaborating Hospitals'
b'Local Hospitals and Organizations'
b'OSF Saint Anthony Medical Center OSF Saint Anthony Medical Center, a Level 1 Trauma Center, is a 254-bed tertiary care facility that serves a 10-county area for services including trauma, orthopedics, neurosurgery and cardiac surgery. Saint Anthony is the site of the Regional Burn Unit, Regional Heart Institute, Illinois Neurosciences Institute, and the Saint Anthony College of Nursing and School of Medical Technology. The Center also offers the Northern Illinois Mobile Intensive Care Program for paramedic training. Its latest addition, a Center for Cancer Care, offers radiation therapy, chemotherapy, physician offices and support services.'
b'OSF Saint Anthony Medical Center'
b'Mercyhealth Located in Rockford, Illinois, Mercyhealth offers a full \xe2\x80\x9ccontinuum of care\xe2\x80\x9d \xe2\x80\x93 from wellness and preventive services to primary, outpatient, hospital and home care \xe2\x80\x93 and many of their physicians have faculty appointments and provide training and instruction to College of Medicine Rockford students.'
b'Mercyhealth'
b'SwedishAmerican Health System SwedishAmerican Health System: A Division of UW Health, has a 357-bed non-profit full-service hospital centrally located in Rockford, Illinois, and is affiliated with the College of Medicine\xe2\x80\x99s Family Practice Residency Program. Founded in 1911, the hospital serves greater Rockford, northern Illinois and southern Wisconsin. Specialty programs include their heart hospital, cancer center, psychiatry and mental health, general and specialty pediatrics, geriatrics, women\xe2\x80\x99s services, orthopedics, occupational health and gastroenterology.'
b'SwedishAmerican Health System'
b'Pinecrest Community Pinecrest Community in Mt. Morris, Illinois, is a nursing home and retirement facility that serves nearly 200 older adults. The community includes Pinecrest Village, which provides 48 congregate living apartments and nine cottages for independent living, and Pinecrest Manor, a 121-bed nursing home offering Alzheimer\xe2\x80\x99s care.'
b'Pinecrest Community'
b'www.rockfordhealth.org'
b'Carrie Lynn Children\xe2\x80\x99s Center Located in Rockford, Illinois, the Carrie Lynn Children\xe2\x80\x99s Center serves as a central location for providing front-end services needed by child victims of sexual and severe physical abuse. The main goal of the Center is to help reduce trauma by improving the efficiency of the systems that respond to cases of child abuse. Operating within the Center, the Children\xe2\x80\x99s Advocacy Project (CAP) coordinates investigations and prosecutions of child sexual abuse and serious physical abuse cases. The University of Illinois College of Medicine Rockford\xe2\x80\x99s Medical Evaluation Response Initiative Team (MERIT) Program is committed to helping the mission of the Carrie Lynn Center by providing medical examinations to abused children.'
b'Carrie Lynn Children\xe2\x80\x99s Center'
b'Medical Evaluation Response Initiative Team (MERIT) Program'
b'For more information contact:'
b'Kathryn A. Pomahac Executive Director Carrie Lynn Children\xe2\x80\x99s Center 826 N. Main Street Rockford, Illinois 61103 tel. (815) 319-4150 Fax. (815) 319-4151'
b'RMED Collaborating Hospitals'
b''
b'Patient Care'
b'UI Health Patient Portal'
b'Insurance Coverage'
b'Patient Privacy: HIPAA'
b'UI Health L.P. Johnson Family Health Center'
b'Insurance and Payment Policies'
b'Pregnancy Services'
b'Your Health Care Team'
b'University Thyroid Disease in Pregnancy Clinic'
b'Local Affiliations'
b''
b'About'
b'Education'
b'Research'
b'Patient Care'
b'Departments'
b'News'
b'Giving'
b'INFORMATION FOR:'
b'Prospective and Current Students'
b'Faculty & Staff'
b'Alumni & Friends'
b'Patients'
b'Businesses and Community'
b'RESOURCES:'
b'UIC Directory'
b'Blackboard'
b'Emergency Information'
b'Contact Us'
b'Apply Now'
b'Give'
b'Contact Us'
b''
b''
b''
b'If you have questions, comments, or problems accessing this site, please'
b'E-mail the webmaster'
b'\xc2\xa0Privacy Statement'
b'College of Medicine'
b'Chicago'
b'Peoria'
b'Rockford'
b'Urbana'
b''
