b'Planned Giving | Rockford Medicine'
b'Skip to content'
b'College of Medicine'
b'Chicago'
b'Peoria'
b'Rockford'
b'Urbana'
b'UIC'
b'UIC Directory'
b'  '
b''
b'About '
b'Welcome From Regional Dean'
b'Dean\xe2\x80\x99s Action Council'
b'UIC Health Sciences Campus-Rockford'
b'Fast Facts'
b'More About the Campus'
b'Visiting the Campus'
b'Employment'
b'Apply for a Job at the College'
b'Civil Service Practice Test'
b'Benefits'
b'Contact Us'
b'Education '
b'MD Admissions'
b'Rockford Interviews'
b'MD Curriculum'
b'Campus Specific Programs'
b'Curriculum by Year'
b'Course Management/Blackboard'
b'Exams/Benware/Course Evaluations'
b'Visiting Students'
b'Medical Education and Evaluation'
b'MD Student Services and Support'
b'Student Affairs Staff'
b'Housing'
b'Computing'
b'Library'
b'Registrar'
b'Academic Skills'
b'Step 1 Resources'
b'Career Services'
b'Student Financial Planning'
b'Scholarship Opportunities'
b'Student Health and Wellness'
b'MD Student Life'
b'Rockford Resources'
b'Student Organizations'
b'Parking & Transportation'
b'Diversity'
b'Educational Policies'
b'Master of Science in Medical Biotechnology Program'
b'Graduate Medical Education (GME)'
b'Family Medicine Residency Welcome'
b'Career and Life Planning for Residents'
b'Policies Manual'
b'Rockford Family Medicine Residency Program'
b'Curriculum'
b'Salary/Benefits'
b'Resident Life'
b'How to Apply'
b'SwedishAmerican Hospital'
b'Our Faculty'
b'Faculty and Resident Photo Composite'
b'Visit us on Facebook'
b'Dixon Rural Training Track'
b'Monroe Clinic Rural Family Medicine Residency Program'
b'Hospice and Palliative Medicine Fellowship Program'
b'Continuing Medical Education (CME)'
b'Programs for High School and College Students'
b'Rural Health Careers Camp for High School Students'
b'STEM Camp for High School Students'
b'Summer Science Internship Program for High School Students'
b'Rural Health Professions Summer Preceptorship'
b'Rural Health Careers Camp Counselors and Camp Counselor Leader'
b'Summer Medical Research Training Program for College Students'
b'Research '
b'Research in Rockford'
b'National Center for Rural Health Professionals'
b'Biomedical Research'
b'Health Policy and Social Science Research'
b'Library of the Health Sciences'
b'Research Opportunities for Students'
b'Summer Science Internship Program'
b'Office of Research'
b'Institutional Biosafety Committee (IBC)'
b'Human Subjects Research (IRB)'
b'Biologic Resource Committee (BRC)'
b'Faculty Research Resources'
b'IRB Policy and Procedure Manual'
b'Center for Clinical and Translational Science'
b'Annual Research Day'
b'Patient Care '
b'UI Health L.P. Johnson Family Health Center'
b'Insurance and Payment Policies'
b'Your Health Care Team'
b'UI Health Patient Portal'
b'Insurance Coverage'
b'Patient Privacy: HIPAA'
b'University Thyroid Disease in Pregnancy Clinic'
b'Local Affiliations'
b'Departments '
b'Academic Departments'
b'Biomedical Sciences'
b'Family and Community Medicine'
b'Medicine and Medical Specialties'
b'Obstetrics and Gynecology'
b'Pathology'
b'Pediatrics'
b'MERIT'
b'Ways to Help MERIT'
b'Psychiatry'
b'Surgery and Surgical Specialties'
b'Centers'
b'National Center for Rural Health Professions'
b'News'
b'Giving '
b'Areas of Impact'
b'Ways to Give'
b'Planned Giving'
b'Giving Impact & Stewardship'
b'Give Now!'
b'Alumni & Friends'
b'Advancement Communications'
b'Contact Us'
b''
b'Planned Giving'
b'Home'
b'Giving'
b'tlowery1'
b'Planned Giving Options'
b'Just as there are many ways your IGNITE support can enhance the University of Illinois College of Medicine Rockford (the \xe2\x80\x9cCollege\xe2\x80\x9d), there are a variety of giving methods that will help you align your financial and philanthropic goals. We can work with you and your advisors to develop a giving plan that best fits your objectives.'
b'Charitable giving decisions involve careful consideration of assets to be transferred and instruments used to make gifts. We invite you to review the information below to learn some common planned gift methods. (Please note that the University of Illinois Foundation and the College encourage all donors to consult with their personal tax, financial and/or legal advisors to discuss the implications associated with their decisions. This material on this site and associated links is intended to be used only for informational purposes.) Regardless of which method you choose though, please note that all gifts should be made to the University of Illinois Foundation for the benefit of the University of Illinois College of Medicine Rockford.'
b'Gifts of Securities'
b'Publically traded stock and mutual funds with large unrealized profits (long-term capital gains) make great gift options. The profit on your donated securities will escape taxation and your charitable deduction will be the full market value of your investment as long as you have held your security for more than one year. Your gifts of securities may be deducted up to 30 percent of adjusted gross income with a five-year carryover for excess deductions. Please contact the Foundation\xe2\x80\x99s Cash Receipts Office at cashdesk@uif.uillinois.edu or (217) 244-0352 for updated gifts of securities delivery instructions.'
b'cashdesk@uif.uillinois.edu'
b'Charitable IRA Rollover'
b'After you have attained the age of 70 \xc2\xbd, you are permitted to transfer up to $100,000 annually from your IRA to a qualified charity like the Foundation. The funds must come directly from your IRA provider with the check written to the Foundation. The direct transfer has two main benefits: 1) Any funds transferred will count towards or cover your required minimum distribution (\xe2\x80\x9cRMD\xe2\x80\x9d) for that tax year, and 2) distributions are not added to your taxable income. (Please note that while you will not receive a charitable deduction for these gifts, excluding them from your income is more advantageous than a deduction.)'
b'To make your rollover gift, instruct your IRA administrator to send a check payable to the \xe2\x80\x9cUniversity of Illinois Foundation\xe2\x80\x9d to 1305 West Green Street, Urbana, IL 61801, for the benefit of the College. Please also ask your broker to include your name on the check\xe2\x80\x99s stub.'
b'Estate Gifts'
b'A bequest is one of the simplest ways to make a deferred gift. You can make a bequest by including the Foundation \xe2\x80\x94 for the benefit of the College \xe2\x80\x94 in a provision via your will or living trust. Your bequest can be for a specific amount, a specific asset or a percentage of your estate. Any of these options allow you to make generous gifts while maintaining control of your assets during your life. Bequests given to the Foundation are not subject to estate tax.'
b'Similar options also exist for retirement plan or whole life insurance beneficiary designations and transferable-on-death or payable-on-death accounts. Our Director of Gift Planning can work with you or your adviser to develop customized bequest language that accurately reflects your wishes to support the College and ensures your gift will be used as you intend.'
b'Charitable Gift Annuities'
b'A charitable gift annuity (CGA) is an easy, popular option that allows you to transfer cash or appreciated, marketable securities to the Foundation, and, in exchange, you \xe2\x80\x94 or up to two people you choose \xe2\x80\x94 receive a fixed annual payment for life. After the income beneficiaries pass away, the remaining funds are used to support the College. CGA donors also receive an immediate income tax deduction, subject to applicable limitations, and, in most cases, a portion of their payments tax-free. CGAs also offer capital gains tax savings should you decide to use appreciated securities to fund your annuity. The minimum amount necessary to create a CGA is $10,000, and all income beneficiaries must be at least 60 years of age when payments begin.'
b'CGAs are not available in a small number of states. Please contact our Director of Gift Planning for a free, no-obligation illustration or further information.'
b'Charitable Trusts'
b'We also have options (\xe2\x80\x9cremainder\xe2\x80\x9d trusts) that allow you to transfer assets to the Foundation to put in a trust which then makes payments to you or others for life, for a term that doesn\xe2\x80\x99t exceed 20 years, or a combination of the two. When your trust terminates, its remaining assets are used to support the College. These trusts must be created with at least $50,000 in assets. The Foundation will serve as trustee where at least 50 percent of the trust\xe2\x80\x99s remainder benefits the Foundation for the College and the trust\xe2\x80\x99s beneficiaries are at least 55 years old.'
b'Other options (\xe2\x80\x9clead\xe2\x80\x9d trusts) allow you to provide annual gifts to the Foundation for the benefit of the College for a set term and, at the end of that term, pass the remaining assets to individuals you designate. You decide how long payments will be made to the Foundation and when the remaining assets will be distributed to your benefitting individuals. This option may reduce gift, estate and generation-skipping transfer taxes. Our Director of Gift Planning can also provide you with a free, no-obligation illustration or further information for any charitable trust option.'
b'Retained Life Estate'
b'A retained life estate allows you to gift, at your passing, your personal residence or farm to the Foundation for the benefit of the College while allowing you and other named beneficiaries to live on the property during your life. Upon the death of all beneficiaries, the Foundation will receive your property with the right to sell it to support the College. Benefits include escaping all capital gains tax on your property\xe2\x80\x99s appreciation and the property being removed from you taxable estate. A retained life estate agreement is irrevocable, and the College will not realize your gift until the passing of all the named beneficiaries. Like all gifts of real estate, the Foundation collects and reviews information about each proposed retained life estate before accepting it.'
b'For further information, please contact Director of Gift Planning Jason James Shuba, JD, at (312) 413-3394 or shuba@uic.edu; College Director of Development Laura Knight, MBA, at (815) 395-5921 or lewilhe@uic.edu; or visit the Foundation\xe2\x80\x99s planned giving website at http://uif.giftplans.org/.'
b'shuba@uic.edu'
b'or lewilhe@uic.edu'
b'http://uif.giftplans.org/'
b'Always consult your financial planner, accountant or attorney before you make a decision or take action. The Foundation\xe2\x80\x99s Gift Planning Advisors are happy to consult with you and your advisors about planned giving strategies.'
b'Giving'
b'Areas of Impact'
b'Ways to Give'
b'Planned Giving'
b'Giving Impact and Stewardship'
b'Give Now!'
b'Alumni and Friends'
b'Advancement Communications'
b'Contact Us'
b''
b'About'
b'Education'
b'Research'
b'Patient Care'
b'Departments'
b'News'
b'Giving'
b'INFORMATION FOR:'
b'Prospective and Current Students'
b'Faculty & Staff'
b'Alumni & Friends'
b'Patients'
b'Businesses and Community'
b'RESOURCES:'
b'UIC Directory'
b'Blackboard'
b'Emergency Information'
b'Contact Us'
b'Apply Now'
b'Give'
b'Contact Us'
b''
b''
b''
b'If you have questions, comments, or problems accessing this site, please'
b'E-mail the webmaster'
b'\xc2\xa0Privacy Statement'
b'College of Medicine'
b'Chicago'
b'Peoria'
b'Rockford'
b'Urbana'
b''
