b'Job Details: Open-Rank Tenure-Track Faculty Positions - Computer Science'
b''
b''
b'Login'
b'Civil Service Positions'
b'Help'
b'All Jobs'
b'Chicago Campus'
b'DSCC'
b'Peoria'
b'Rockford'
b'UI Health'
b'UI Health Nursing'
b'Search Jobs'
b'Job Details'
b"Located in the heart of Chicago, the Department of Computer Science at the University of Illinois at Chicago (UIC) invites applications for several full-time tenure-track positions at all ranks. All candidates must have a PhD in Computer Science or a closely related field by the appointment's starting date. Candidates will be expected to demonstrate excellence in research and to teach effectively at the undergraduate and graduate levels."
b'We seek candidates in all areas of computing, with special but not exclusive interest in fields related to computer vision, machine learning/data science, human-computer interaction, systems/software engineering, programming languages and compilers, and applied cryptography. Applicants working at the intersection of computer science and related disciplines are also encouraged to apply.'
b'Applications must be submitted at https://jobs.uic.edu/, and must include a curriculum vitae, teaching and research statements, and names and addresses of at least three references. Links to a professional website such as Google Scholar or ResearchGate are recommended. Applicants may contact the faculty search committee search@cs.uic.edu for more information. For fullest consideration, applications must be submitted by November 15, 2018. Applications will be accepted until the positions are filled.'
b'https://jobs.uic.edu/'
b'search@cs.uic.edu'
b'The Department of Computer Science at UIC, which will be hiring between 20 and 35 new faculty in the next 6 years, has 36 tenure-system faculty and 4 research faculty with strong and broad research agendas, and 13 clinical/teaching faculty. The department is committed to building a diverse faculty preeminent in its missions of research, teaching, and service to the community. Candidates who have experience engaging with a diverse range of faculty, staff, and students, and contributing to a climate of inclusivity are encouraged to discuss their perspectives on these subjects in their application materials.'
b'UIC is a major public research university (Carnegie R1) with about 2,800 faculty and over 31,000 students. UIC is committed to increasing access to education, employment, programs and services for all. The University of Illinois is an Equal Opportunity, Affirmative Action employer. Minorities, women, veterans, and individuals with disabilities are encouraged to apply. UIC is committed to supporting the success of dual-career couples.'
b'Chicago epitomizes the modern, livable, vibrant, and diverse city. World-class amenities like the lakefront, arts and culture venues, festivals, and two international airports make Chicago a singularly enjoyable place to live. Yet the cost of living, whether in an 88th floor condominium downtown or on a tree-lined street in one of the nation\xe2\x80\x99s finest school districts, is remarkably affordable. The University of Illinois conducts background checks on all job candidates upon acceptance of contingent offer of employment.\xc2\xa0 Background checks will be performed in compliance with the Fair Credit Reporting Act.'
b'\nTeach, conduct research, mentor students'
b'PhD in computer science or a closely related field'
b'Back to Job Board'
b'\nThe University of Illinois at Chicago is an Equal Opportunity, Affirmative Action employer. Minorities, women, veterans and individuals with disabilities are encouraged to apply.'
b'\nThe University of Illinois may conduct background checks on all job candidates upon acceptance of a contingent offer. Background checks will be performed in compliance with the Fair Credit Reporting Act.'
b''
b''
b'Support'
b'Employment Notices '
b'Notice of Availability of the UIC Annual Security and Fire Safety Report'
b'Copyright 2016 The Board of Trustees of the University of Illinois | Web Privacy Statement'
