b'Job Details: Clinical Track Teaching Faculty - Computer Science'
b''
b''
b'Login'
b'Civil Service Positions'
b'Help'
b'All Jobs'
b'Chicago Campus'
b'DSCC'
b'Peoria'
b'Rockford'
b'UI Health'
b'UI Health Nursing'
b'Search Jobs'
b'Job Details'
b'The Computer Science Department at the University of Illinois at Chicago is seeking multiple full-time teaching faculty members to start Fall 2019. The clinical teaching track is a long-term career track that starts with the Clinical Assistant Professor position, and offers opportunities for advancement to Clinical Associate Professor and Clinical Full Professor. Applicants should have a PhD in Computer Science, and candidates interested in Computer Science Education research are especially encouraged to apply. Candidates would be working alongside 13 full-time teaching faculty\r\nwith over 150 years of combined teaching experience and 12 awards for excellence. The department seeks candidates dedicated to teaching; candidates must have evidence of effective teaching, or present a convincing case of future dedication and success in the art of teaching. Content areas of interest include introductory programming, data structures, computer organization/systems, web\r\ndevelopment, data science, software engineering, and machine learning. The standard teaching load\r\nis 2-3 undergraduate courses per semester\r\n(depending on course enrollment).'
b'\r\nThe University of Illinois at Chicago (UIC) is one of the top-10 most diverse universities in the\r\nUS (US News and World Report), a top-10 best value (Wall Street Journal and Times Higher Education) and a hispanic serving institution. UIC\xe2\x80\x99s hometown of Chicago epitomizes the modern, livable, vibrant city. Located on the shore of Lake Michigan, Chicago offers an outstanding array of cultural and culinary experiences. As the birthplace of the modern skyscraper, Chicago boasts one of the world\xe2\x80\x99s tallest and densest skylines, combined with an 8100-acre park system and extensive public transit and biking networks.'
b'Minimum qualifications include a PhD in Computer Science or a closely related field, and either (a) demonstrated evidence of effective teaching, or (b) convincing argument of future dedication and success in the art of teaching. Applications are submitted online at https://jobs.uic.edu/. In the online application, include a curriculum vitae, names and addresses of at least three references, a statement providing evidence of effective teaching, a statement describing your past experience in activities that promote diversity and inclusion (or plans to make future contributions), and recent teaching evaluations. For additional information contact Professor Mitch Theys, Committee Chair,\nmtheys@uic.edu.'
b'https://jobs.uic.edu/'
b'mtheys@uic.edu'
b'For fullest consideration, please apply by October 18, 2018. We will continue to accept and review\r\napplications until the positions are filled. The University of Illinois is an Equal Opportunity,\r\nAffirmative Action employer. Minorities, women, veterans and individuals with disabilities are\r\nencouraged to apply. The University of Illinois conducts background checks on all job candidates\r\nupon acceptance of contingent offer of employment. Background checks will be performed in compliance with the Fair Credit\r\nReporting Act.'
b'Teaching'
b'Minimum qualifications include a PhD in Computer Science or a closely related field.'
b'Back to Job Board'
b'\nThe University of Illinois at Chicago is an Equal Opportunity, Affirmative Action employer. Minorities, women, veterans and individuals with disabilities are encouraged to apply.'
b'\nThe University of Illinois may conduct background checks on all job candidates upon acceptance of a contingent offer. Background checks will be performed in compliance with the Fair Credit Reporting Act.'
b''
b''
b'Support'
b'Employment Notices '
b'Notice of Availability of the UIC Annual Security and Fire Safety Report'
b'Copyright 2016 The Board of Trustees of the University of Illinois | Web Privacy Statement'
