b'2018\xe2\x80\x932020 Graduate Catalog < University of Illinois at Chicago'
b'Skip to Content'
b'AZ Index'
b'Catalog Home'
b'Institution Home'
b'Academic Catalog'
b'Academic Catalog'
b'Undergraduate Catalog'
b'Graduate Catalog'
b'Print / Download Options'
b'UIC Home'
b'The University of Illinois at Chicago'
b'Catalog Navigation'
b'Catalog Navigation'
b'Graduate Catalog'
b'Academic Calendar'
b'The University'
b'Graduate Study at UIC'
b'Degree Programs'
b'Colleges &\xe2\x80\x8b Schools'
b'Graduate Course Descriptions'
b'Graduate College'
b'Graduate Faculty'
b'Archive &\xe2\x80\x8b Links'
b'Graduate College Website'
b'Home'
b'2018\xe2\x80\x932020 Graduate Catalog'
b'The Graduate Catalog is a record of the 2018\xe2\x80\x932020 academic years. It is for informational purposes only and does not constitute a contract. Faculty assignments and programs listed are subject to change. Courses are not necessarily offered each term or each year. Individual departments or units should be consulted for current information regarding programs, faculty, and regularity of course offerings.'
b'The online catalog is updated as degree programs, courses, and requirements change.'
b'The catalog is an academic planning tool for graduate students and is divided into five major sections. In addition, the catalog provides a listing of the graduate faculty and links to the Graduate College website and catalog archive.'
b'The University'
b'Graduate Study at UIC'
b'Degree Programs'
b'Colleges & Schools'
b'Graduate Course Descriptions'
b'Each section of the online catalog, described below, provides information necessary for the academic planning process.'
b'The University'
b'The University section provides an overview of the University of Illinois at Chicago.'
b'Graduate Study at UIC'
b'The Graduate Study at UIC section outlines admissions, application, degree requirement, and university information pertinent to all Graduate College students.'
b'Degree Programs'
b'The Degree Programs section lists all graduate and professional degree programs and certificate programs available at UIC. It also provides a list of program updates and changes.'
b'Colleges & Schools'
b'The Colleges & Schools section describes graduate degree programs and their requirements in detail. Students use this section of the catalog to ensure that they understand and meet all requirements for their degree program.'
b'Graduate Course Descriptions'
b'The Graduate Course Descriptions section lists all the graduate courses at UIC. The course descriptions are arranged alphabetically by subject area. Each course description includes a rubric (subject area abbreviation), course number, course title, semester hours, prerequisites (if any), and course content. A list of rubrics may be found at the beginning of the Graduate Course Descriptions section.'
b'The online catalog includes all courses at UIC. However, not all courses are offered during a given semester. Students will find current course offerings in the Schedule of Classes, which is published online before registration begins.'
b'Schedule of Classes'
b'2018\xe2\x80\x932020 Graduate Catalog\nPublished by:\nOffice of the Registrar (MC 003)\nUniversity of Illinois at Chicago\n1200 West Harrison Street\nChicago, Illinois 60607'
b'Nondiscrimination Statement'
b'The commitment of the University of Illinois to the most fundamental principles of academic freedom, equality of opportunity, and human dignity requires that decisions involving students and employees be based on individual merit and be free from invidious discrimination in all its forms.'
b'The University of Illinois will not engage in discrimination or harassment against any person because of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, ancestry, age, marital status, disability, sexual orientation including gender identity, unfavorable discharge from the military or status as a protected veteran and will comply with all federal and state nondiscrimination, equal opportunity and affirmative action laws, orders, and regulations. The nondiscrimination policy applies to admissions, employment, access to and treatment in the University programs and activities.'
b'University complaint and grievance procedures provide employees and students with the means for the resolution of complaints that allege a violation of this Statement. Members of the public should direct their inquiries or complaints to the appropriate equal opportunity office.'
b'Policy Council\nRevised May 31, 2005'
b'Chancellor\xe2\x80\x99s Statement of Commitment to Persons with Disabilities'
b'Guided by the belief that people with disabilities are assets to the University, UIC is committed to full inclusion and participation of people with disabilities in all aspects of University life. We seek to provide an academic, social, and physical environment that makes disabled people integral to the diversity of perspectives that is vital to an academic community. UIC supports the principles of universally accessible design, alternative communication formats, and the expression of disability community and pride. At all levels of the University, UIC promotes equal opportunity, fair treatment, and the elimination of barriers for qualified individuals with disabilities.'
b'Office for Access and Equity'
b'For additional information or assistance with the equal opportunity, affirmative action, and harassment policies and procedures of the University of Illinois at Chicago, please contact:'
b'Office for Access and Equity\nTitle IX, ADA, and 504 Coordinator\n717 Marshfield Building (MC 602)\n809 South Marshfield Avenue\nChicago, Illinois 60612-7207\nhttp://oae.uic.edu\n(312) 996-8670'
b'http://oae.uic.edu'
b'Public Formal Grievance Procedures University of Illinois at Chicago'
b'These procedures have been implemented to address complaints of discrimination on the basis of age and/or disability in any activity, policy, rule, standard, or method of administration that is related to the operation of University\xe2\x80\x99s programs.'
b'These procedures may be used by any member of the public who alleges age (Under the Age Discrimination Act) or disability (Under Title II of the Americans with Disabilities Act) discrimination on the basis of class. However, anyone who wishes to challenge a decision made about them by an agent of the University of Illinois at Chicago (UIC) in the course of their employment or enrollment at UIC must utilize the UIC Academic Grievance Procedures.'
b'A. Grievance: A written statement submitted by a Grievant identifying the activity, policy, rule, standard or method of administration he/she claims to be discriminatory on the basis of age and/or disability and explaining the manner in which that activity, policy, rule, standard or method of administration discriminates. All Grievances must be signed by the Grievant and must outline the Grievant\xe2\x80\x99s allegations in as much detail as possible.'
b'B. Grievant: Any member of the public who submits a Grievance.'
b'C. Grievance Officer: The assigned investigator of the UIC Office for Access and Equity can be contacted at the address below:'
b'Office for Access and Equity (MC 602)\n809 South Marshfield Avenue, Room 718\nChicago, IL 60612-7207\n(312) 996-8670 Fax (312) 413-0055\nhttp://oae.uic.edu'
b'http://oae.uic.edu'
b'D. Appeals Officer: The Associate Chancellor for Access and Equity or his/her designee.'
b'E. Days: Any reference to \xe2\x80\x9cdays\xe2\x80\x9d herein shall refer to business days (excluding weekends and federal holidays).'
b'F. Record: The complete record of a Grievance will consist of the original Grievance and any supporting information or documentation submitted with that Grievance, the Grievance Officer\xe2\x80\x99s findings, the Appeal (if any) and any additional information or documentation submitted with the Appeal, the Appeal Officer\xe2\x80\x99s findings, and any communications and notices relative to the Grievance. The Record will be maintained for at least five (5) years following the final decision.'
b'Filing of the Grievance: The Grievant must file his/her Grievance with the Grievance Officer no later than ten (10) days after he/she becomes aware of the offending activity, policy, standard or method of administration.'
b'Investigation: The Grievance Officer shall conduct an appropriate investigation of the issues raised in the Grievance. The Grievant shall be given an opportunity to submit any relevant evidence he/she may have to support the Grievance. Within fourteen days (14) of submission of the Grievance, the Grievance Officer shall issue his/her findings. In the event the Grievance Officer finds evidence of discrimination in the activity, policy, standard or method of administration, he/she shall make recommendations for change(s) and shall coordinate the efforts for change(s) with the department/unit/college whose activity, policy, standard or method of administration is at issue. Furthermore, in the event that the individual was adversely affected by a decision made pursuant to a discriminatory process, policy, activity, standard or method of administration, the individual will be given the opportunity for the decision to be reconsidered according to the revised process, policy, etc. In those cases where the Grievance Officer finds no evidence of discrimination, he/she shall send written notice of that finding to the Grievant within that 14-day time period. Said notice shall inform the Grievant of his/her right to appeal the finding to the Appeals Officer within five (5) days of receipt of the notice.'
b'Appeal: An appeal of the Grievance Officer\xe2\x80\x99s findings must be in writing and must state the basis for the appeal, providing any additional evidence or information that may support the Grievant\xe2\x80\x99s claim of discrimination. The Appeals Officer shall review the Grievance Officer\xe2\x80\x99s record and any information/evidence submitted with the Appeal and shall issue findings within ten (10) days of receipt of the appeal. In the event the Appeals Officer finds evidence of discrimination in the activity, policy, standard or method of administration, he/she shall make recommendations for changes. In those cases where the Appeals Officer finds no evidence of discrimination, he/she shall send written notice of that finding to the Grievant within that 10-day time period. There shall be no further levels of review or appeal beyond the Appeals Officer.'
b'Deviation from the Process: Upon proof of extenuating circumstances, the Chancellor and only the Chancellor may approve a deviation from these procedures (e.g., extension of a deadline).'
b'Effective date of policy is September 1, 2005.'
b'University of Illinois at Chicago'
b'Apply Online | Contact Admissions | Privacy Statement\n        Having problems accessing this site? Contact the Webmaster.\n        \xc2\xa9 2018-2019 The Board of Trustees of the University of Illinois'
b'Apply Online'
b'Contact Admissions'
b'Privacy Statement'
b'Contact the Webmaster'
b'Back to Top'
b'Send Page to Printer'
b'\nPrint this page.\n'
b'Download PDF of this page'
b'The PDF will include all information unique to this page.'
b'Download PDF of the entire Graduate Catalog'
b'\nAll pages in the campus catalog.\n'
b'Cancel'
