b'Flames Tutoring Network'
b'\n\n'
b'SCHEDULING'
b'TIPS & RESOURCES '
b'TESTIMONIALS'
b'LOCATION'
b'CONTACT'
b' Ignite your learning!'
b'Ignite your learning by taking advantage of these resources we have for academic success.  #igniteyourlearning'
b' Welcome Students'
b'The Flames Tutoring Network (FTN) brings together our campus units that offer tutoring, peer led study groups, instructional/educational support and other learning related services for you, our UIC students.  The FTN provides a common space for information on the services provided to optimize your success.  Each of the Partners in the FTN provides a dynamic, comprehensive approach to assisting you on your academic journey. The Flames Tutoring Network will allow you as a student to customize your plan for success and ignite your learning at UIC!'
b'Did You Know?'
b'\r\n              Did you know that the Flames Tutoring Network offers many services geared to assist your learning process? Did you know there are 14 partners in the Flames Tutoring Network offering different types of academic help \xe2\x80\x93 peer tutoring, academic skills help, group study, supplemental instruction, office hours, etc.? Did you know you can develop your own learning community on campus? You can also customize a learning plan for academic success! These offices will help you figure out what is best for you to enhance your learning. \r\n            '
b'Finish in Four'
b''
b' TUTORING NETWORK'
b'Academic Center for Excellence (ACE)'
b'Academic Support and Achievement Program (ASAP)'
b'African American Academic Network (AAAN)'
b'Athletics Academic Services, Port Academic Center'
b'Business Learning Center (BLC)'
b'Campus Housing'
b'Language and Writing Studio'
b'Latin American Recruitment and Education Services Program (LARES)'
b'Mathematical Sciences Learning Center'
b'Minority Engineering Recruitment and Retention Program (MERRP)'
b'Science Learning Center'
b'TRIO Academic Support Program'
b'UIC Honors College'
b'Writing Center'
b'Department of Computer Science'
b'Home'
b'Scheduling'
b'Tips & Resources'
b'Testimonials'
b'FAQ'
b'Location'
b'Contact'
b' \xc2\xa9 2016 The Board of Trustees of the University of Illinois  | Privacy Statement'
b'Privacy Statement'
