b'Computer Labs | Academic Computing and Communications Center  '
b'Skip to main content'
b'Accessibility Resources'
b'\n\n'
b'Academic Computing and Communications Center  '
b'Search form'
b'Main menu'
b'Home'
b'News'
b'ONE.UIC'
b'Service Status'
b'Service Catalog'
b'Answers'
b'About'
b'Contact'
b'You are here'
b'Home'
b'Service Catalog'
b'Learning Technology Solutions'
b'Learning Technology Solutions'
b'Learning Technology Solutions'
b'Collaboration Tools'
b'Equipment Lending'
b'Event Support (Audio/Visual)'
b'Learning Design and Development'
b'Learning Environments'
b'Classrooms'
b'Computer Labs'
b'Accessibility Resources'
b'Guest Login Access Request'
b'Software Installation Request'
b'Student Response Systems'
b'Learning Management System'
b'Lecture Capture'
b'Media Conversion'
b'Media Streaming'
b'Multimedia Production'
b'Printing'
b'Professional Development & Training'
b'Computer Labs'
b'Computer Labs'
b'Answers related to Computer Labs'
b'Answers related to Computer Labs'
b'How do I request software to be installed in a classroom or computer lab?'
b'How do I reserve a computer lab?'
b'How do I change my password?'
b'What software is available in the computer labs?'
b'How do I obtain building access to 24-hour labs?'
b'Where can I print using U-Print?'
b'How do I print documents at an ACCC computer lab with U-Print?'
b'How do I check my U-Print balance?'
b'AD Account Locked Out'
b'How does the U-Print system work?'
b'How do I retrieve CD or DVD from a frozen Mac?'
b'How do I check lab reservation schedules?'
b'Where can I scan in documents?'
b'Can I print using guest login credentials?'
b'How do I log in to campus lab computers?'
b'\n    View more answers  '
b''
b'\n          Computer Labs        '
b'Facilities and Equipment'
b'Learning Tools'
b'Faculty'
b'Staff'
b'Students'
b'Request Software Installation'
b'Request Guest Login Access'
b'Overview\xc2\xa0'
b'Campus computer labs are available to UIC students, staff, faculty and authorized guests. Several of the labs are available for reservation for instruction or special events. There are some labs that are open 24 hours, 7 days a week. In addition to general use labs, ACCC manages labs with access limited to a certain group, such as residence hall residents or students in a particular college.'
b'reservation for instruction or special events'
b'Features\xc2\xa0'
b'Labs are distributed throughout the campus although the vast majority are concentrated on the east campus - see the list of computer lab locations for details, taking special note of which labs are used for instruction.\xc2\xa0Accessing 24/7 labs in the\xc2\xa0Benjamin Goldberg Research Center\xc2\xa0(BGRC)\xc2\xa0and the Science and Engineering Labs East (SELE) requires building access authorization.\xc2\xa0'
b'computer lab locations'
b'Benjamin Goldberg Research Center'
b'Science and Engineering Labs East'
b'building access authorization'
b'Reservations'
b'Many computer labs can be reserved for instructional use\xc2\xa0or special events.'
b'reserved for instructional use'
b'Software'
b'Instructors can request software to be installed for instructional use in the computer labs.'
b'request software to be installed'
b'Requirements\xc2\xa0'
b'A valid UIC NetID and password are required to authenticate to computers in the labs. Guest authentication can be provided for authorized guests using the labs during special events. Access to labs outside of business hours requires building access.'
b'Guest authentication'
b'building access'
b'Applicability\xc2\xa0'
b'ACCC computer labs are open to all current students, faculty and staff at UIC. Some residence hall labs are open to residents only. Certain labs may be reserved for instructional purposes.\xc2\xa0'
b'On weekdays between 9 am and 5 pm\xc2\xa0academic use of the labs has priority over all other use.'
b'Eating or drinking is not permitted in the computer labs.\xc2\xa0 We ask that you do not put your drinks next to the computers or on the floor even if they are empty. Keep any food or drinks inside your bag or backpack or enjoy them outside of the ACCC computer labs.\xc2\xa0 Some labs (BSB B001, SES 201) have special areas intended for this purpose.'
b'BSB B001'
b'SES 201'
b'Cost\xc2\xa0'
b'There is no charge for this service to UIC students, faculty and staff. Charges apply to printing documents and\xc2\xa0reserving labs for use by guest affiliates.'
b'printing documents'
b'Support\xc2\xa0'
b'LTS@uic.edu'
b'Lecture Center E\n\t\t\tRoom E112'
b'Further Information\xc2\xa0'
b'Computer Lab Usage Policy'
b'Lab Reservation and Usage Policy'
b'computer lab'
b'software'
b'Service Catalog'
b'Service Catalog'
b'Service Categories'
b'Popular Services'
b'Popular Services'
b'Learning Management System'
b'G Suite (formerly Google Apps)'
b'Exchange'
b'Box'
b'Lecture Capture'
b'Classrooms'
b'ACCC Service Desk'
b'Wireless Network'
b'Learning Technology Solutions'
b'Telecommunications '
b'ACCC'
b'About ACCC'
b'Accessibility Resources'
b'Jobs'
b'News and Alerts'
b'Policies and Guidelines'
b'Telecom'
b'ACCC Newsletter'
b'Reports'
b'Quick Links'
b'Get started'
b'Activate UIC NetID'
b'Change password'
b'Create accounts'
b'Blackboard Learn'
b'Emergency SMS'
b'GoogleApps@UIC'
b'Update email forwarding'
b'Webmail'
b'Locations'
b'ACCCeSS Helpdesk'
b'Client Services Office'
b'Learning Technology Solutions'
b'Network Operations Center'
b'Liaison Resources'
b'Liaison Manager'
b'Phonebook Contacts Wiki'
b'REACH Wiki'
b'RT Helpdesk'
b'Website'
b'Contact the webmaster'
b'Site map'
b'Log in'
b' \xc2\xa9 Copyright 2018 The Board of Trustees of the University of Illinois |\xc2\xa0Privacy Statement'
b''
b'Privacy Statement'
