b'\r\n\tBenefits - UICHR\r\n'
b'UIC Home'
b'Find People'
b'Departments A-Z'
b''
b'Faculty Affairs'
b'UI Health HR'
b'HR News'
b'All News'
b'Diversity'
b'Events'
b'Feature Article'
b'Get to Know'
b'Move Your Career Forward'
b'Policy and Procedure'
b'Information Alert'
b'HR Calendars'
b'Main Calendar'
b'Just HR Key Dates'
b'Just Training'
b'Just HR Events'
b'Just Diversity and Inclusion'
b'Holiday Schedule FY19'
b'Contact/Support'
b'Employment Verification'
b'UIC HR Home'
b'Background  Check Compliance'
b'Benefits'
b'Retirement'
b'Graduate Assistant Benefits'
b'Employee Perks'
b'Tuition Waivers'
b'Career Opportunities'
b'Changing Jobs at UIC'
b'Classification and Compensation'
b'Developing and Guiding Employees'
b'Employment Verification'
b'Diversity at UIC'
b'Employee Recognition at UIC'
b'Hiring'
b'HR Forms'
b'Job Aids'
b'Labor and Employee Relations'
b'Performance Goals and Career Planning'
b'New Employees'
b'Personal  Information'
b'Policies and Procedures'
b'Professional Development and Training Opportunities'
b'Protection of Minors'
b'Systems Support'
b'Time Off and Leaves'
b'UIC Human Resources Services and Support'
b'HR Related Links'
b'OBFS'
b'Benefits'
b'Payroll'
b'OIS'
b'OAE'
b'Student Employment'
b'Systems Login'
b'APPLICATION DIRECTORY'
b'AVSL'
b'BANNER'
b'EDDIE'
b'EVS'
b'HIRETOUCH'
b'HR FRONT END'
b'MY UI INFO'
b'NEWT'
b'PRMS'
b'REPORT POSITIVE TIME'
b'RETIREE REHIRE FORM'
b'SALARY PLANNER'
b'TRACKER I-9'
b'UI NEW HIRE'
b''
b'Feedback'
b'Feedback'
b'Help us to improve this page.'
b'UICHR'
b'Benefits'
b''
b'The University of Illinois at Chicago and the State of Illinois offer competitive wages, benefit programs and resources for employees. UIC is strongly committed to providing equitable benefit options throughout each stage of employment. Many benefits become effective on the first day of employment. Benefits offered by UIC include health care options, wellness programs, educational opportunities, tuition assistance, vacations, holidays and other leave benefits, and University retirement plans.'
b'Detailed information on specific employee benefits may be found in subsequent sections or on the NESSIE website.'
b'NESSIE'
b'Benefit Overview Orientation'
b'Benefit Overview Orientation sessions are held on all campuses. Sessions are designed to provide comprehensive materials and information to new benefit-eligible employees. Benefit selection must be completed within the first 30 calendar days of employment. Please see the Benefits Overview Guide (PDF) for information and assistance.'
b'Benefits Overview Guide (PDF)'
b'What are Employee Benefits?\xc2\xa0'
b'\xc2\xa0'
b'The University of Illinois at Chicago provides benefits to employees to enhance their work experience and economic security. Some of these benefits include, but are not limited to:'
b'LEAVES'
b'Benefits are subject to change at any time.'
b'Benefits Administration '
b' '
b"State of Illinois benefits are provided by the Group Insurance Act of 1971, which gives the State's Department of Central Management Services (CMS) the authority and responsibility to design, administer, negotiate and/or contract for benefits."
b"State's Department of Central Management Services (CMS)"
b'Any change in these benefits is decided upon by CMS and becomes effective for all State of Illinois employees. Benefits include:'
b'Health'
b'Health Part-Time Employees'
b'Dental'
b'Vision'
b'Life'
b'Accidental Death and Dismemberment'
b'Long Term Care'
b'Flexible Spending Accounts'
b'The University of Illinois at Chicago also offers optional supplemental benefits. University of Illinois at Chicago benefits are approved by the Board of Trustees and managed by the University. Benefits include:'
b'Life'
b'Accidental Death and Dismemberment'
b'Long Term Disability'
b'Retirement Plans'
b'Civil Union Partner Health Insurance'
b'Adoption Benefit Program'
b'In addition to the State and University benefits, eligible employees are required to participate in benefits offered through the State Universities Retirement System (SURS). Benefits include:'
b'State Universities Retirement System (SURS)'
b'Retirement'
b'Long Term Disability'
b'Each year the University of Illinois at Chicago holds an open enrollment period, typically during the month of May, called Benefit Choice. Any change in State or University benefits is implemented at this time and becomes effective the following July 1.'
b'Changes to benefits plans can typically be made only during Benefit Choice or when experiencing a qualifying event. Some plans allow enrollments and changes at any time of the year.'
b'What Determines Eligibility?\xc2\xa0'
b'\xc2\xa0'
b'Employee benefits eligibility is determined by several factors, including full or part-time status as well as appointment /classification type (Civil Service, Academic Professional, faculty etc.), job, and in cases of some foreign national employees, tax status.'
b'General Benefits Eligibility'
b'OBFS Payments to Foreign Nationals'
b'Payroll'
b'Employees newly eligible for benefits have 30 calendar days from their hire date or eligibility date to make State Insurance plan elections, including declining insurance coverage.'
b'Failure to elect insurance plans within 30 calendar days results in the following default enrollment for both full and part-time employees:'
b'Please visit University of Illinois Benefits for full details. Also see Benefit Choice FAQs.'
b'University of Illinois Benefits'
b'Benefit Choice FAQs'
b'Employee Benefits Details\xc2\xa0'
b'\xc2\xa0'
b'Specific details on benefits plans, changes to benefits, and accessing general and personal benefits information are provided in NESSIE, including:'
b'NESSIE'
b'\xc2\xa0'
b'What are employee benefits?'
b'Who administers benefits?'
b'What determines eligibility?'
b'Employee Benefits Details'
b'Benefits Highlights Brochure (PDF)'
b'Retiree Guide (PDF)'
b'Employee Benefits'
b'Campus Care'
b'University Benefits Service Offices'
b'email'
b'Quick Links'
b'Benefits'
b'Benefits Orientation Registration'
b'Charitable Giving at UIC'
b'Employee Performance Review'
b'NESSIE'
b'Office of Access and Equity'
b'Office of International Services'
b'Office of Business and Financial Services'
b'Payroll Schedules'
b'Form W-2'
b'U of I Alumni Association'
b'UIC Time Off and Leaves'
b'Employee Exit Checklist '
b'Schedule of Approved Holidays for UIC Fiscal Year 2019'
b'P&T Deadlines (PDF)'
b'Faculty Affairs Website'
b'Faculty Handbook'
b'Faculty Scholarship Support'
b'Faculty Senate'
b'Faculty Policies, Procedures, Guidelines'
b'Faculty Recognition'
b'New Faculty Orientation'
b'Sabbatical Guidelines'
b'Under-Represented Faculty Recruitment Program (PDF)'
b'BOT Deadlines/Dates'
b'BOT Minutes'
b'Decision Support (Solution Library)'
b'EDDIE'
b'How to Pay Internationals'
b'HR Front End College Contact List (PDF)'
b'HR Forms'
b'HR Reporting Portal'
b'I9 Tracker'
b'Policies & Procedures'
b'Student Employment'
b'View Direct'
b'Approving in Webtime (see Payroll & Earnings > Time Entry)'
b'Hiring'
b'Professional Development and Training Opportunities'
b'Employee Exit Checklist for Unit/Dept '
b'UIC Employees: Invite a Vendor to Verify Your Employment'
b'Vendors: Verify a Person\xe2\x80\x99s Employment at UIC'
b''
b''
b''
b'Contact Us'
b'Mobile Site'
b'Directions'
b'Disability Resources'
b'Emergency Information'
b'Veterans Affairs'
b'Job Opportunities'
b'Privacy Policy'
b'UIC Administration'
b'UIC Online Education'
b'UIC College Prep'
b'University of Illinois'
b'Springfield Campus'
b'Urbana-Champaign Campus'
b'Copyright \xc2\xa9 2013 The Board of Trustees of the University of Illinois | Web Privacy Statement | Login ( Guest )'
b'Web Privacy Statement'
b'Login'
b'Guest'
b''
b''
