b'Email and Calendaring | Academic Computing and Communications Center  '
b'Skip to main content'
b'Accessibility Resources'
b'\n\n'
b'Academic Computing and Communications Center  '
b'Search form'
b'Main menu'
b'Home'
b'News'
b'ONE.UIC'
b'Service Status'
b'Service Catalog'
b'Answers'
b'About'
b'Contact'
b'You are here'
b'Home'
b'Service Catalog'
b'Email and Calendaring'
b'Email and Calendaring'
b'Email and Calendaring'
b'G Suite (formerly Google Apps)'
b'Exchange'
b'UICalendar'
b'Addressbook Conversion'
b'Phishing'
b'Campus Email Directory'
b'Answers related to Email and Calendaring'
b'Answers related to Email and Calendaring'
b'How do I set up an out-of-office or vacation email auto-reply?'
b'How do I check my UIC email?'
b'How do I change my password?'
b'How do I update my UIC email forwarding?'
b'Can I keep my UIC email address after I leave UIC?'
b'How can I set up a non-personal, group or department email address?'
b'How do I use the UIC email address book with Outlook?'
b'How do I send files securely to others at the university?'
b'How do I obtain an email alias?'
b'How do I use the UIC email address book on my Mac?'
b'How do I create a listserv?'
b'How do I change how my name appears in email?'
b'How do I use the UIC email address book with Thunderbird?'
b'How Do I Import Google Calendar to Outlook/Exchange Online'
b'What happens to my NetID and email if I take a semester off?'
b'\n    View more answers  '
b''
b'\n          Email and Calendaring        '
b'Email, Calendar and Communications'
b'Faculty'
b'Staff'
b'Students'
b'IT'
b'Update UIC Email Forwarding'
b'Update UIC Barracuda Whitelist'
b'Overview\xc2\xa0'
b'The ACCC provides a personal University email address to all current students, staff and faculty. The email address is in the format NetID@uic.edu\xc2\xa0and can be used in conjunction with any of the email services provided by the ACCC (GoogleApps@UIC, and Exchange), or forwarded to an existing non-University email address.'
b'GoogleApps@UIC'
b'Exchange'
b'forwarded'
b'Features\xc2\xa0'
b'Three options are available:'
b'GoogleApps@UIC'
b'Exchange'
b'Non-personal email addresses'
b'For departments and groups wishing to use a non-personal contact address, we provide several options, such as email aliases, listservs, official Google Groups and the Request Tracker (RT).'
b'non-personal contact address'
b'email aliases'
b'listservs'
b'Google Groups'
b'Request Tracker (RT)'
b'Calendar Options'
b'With your GoogleApps@UIC account, you gain access to Google Calendar to use as your calendaring option.'
b'GoogleApps@UIC'
b'Google Calendar'
b'Requirements\xc2\xa0'
b'A valid UIC NetID and common password is needed to create an email account, access email services or to change the forwarding of NetID@uic.edu email address.'
b'UIC NetID and common password'
b'create an email account'
b'change the forwarding'
b'Applicability\xc2\xa0'
b'Service is contingent upon current relationship with UIC through class registration, employment, or other valid affiliation. Upon leaving UIC, a grace period is in effect for all services accessed with a UIC NetID and common password. At the end of the grace period access to services (including email accounts and email forwarding) is terminated. We recommend that students, faculty and staff leaving UIC download or migrate their email, calendars and documents prior to the end of the grace period.'
b'grace period'
b'Cost\xc2\xa0'
b'Create an account'
b'Support\xc2\xa0'
b'consult@uic.edu'
b'\xc2\xa0'
b'Further Information\xc2\xa0'
b'Non-personal, group or department email address setup'
b'ACCC Service Level Agreement (SLA)'
b'Automatically provisioned or 1-2 business days.'
b'2\xc2\xa0business days.'
b'accc.uic.edu/service-status'
b'accc.uic.edu/news/all'
b'Provisional SLA - Currently under IT Governance review.'
b'Provisional SLA - Currently under IT Governance review.'
b'email'
b'webmail'
b'exchange'
b'Service Catalog'
b'Service Catalog'
b'Service Categories'
b'Popular Services'
b'Popular Services'
b'Learning Management System'
b'G Suite (formerly Google Apps)'
b'Exchange'
b'Box'
b'Lecture Capture'
b'Classrooms'
b'ACCC Service Desk'
b'Wireless Network'
b'Learning Technology Solutions'
b'Telecommunications '
b'ACCC'
b'About ACCC'
b'Accessibility Resources'
b'Jobs'
b'News and Alerts'
b'Policies and Guidelines'
b'Telecom'
b'ACCC Newsletter'
b'Reports'
b'Quick Links'
b'Get started'
b'Activate UIC NetID'
b'Change password'
b'Create accounts'
b'Blackboard Learn'
b'Emergency SMS'
b'GoogleApps@UIC'
b'Update email forwarding'
b'Webmail'
b'Locations'
b'ACCCeSS Helpdesk'
b'Client Services Office'
b'Learning Technology Solutions'
b'Network Operations Center'
b'Liaison Resources'
b'Liaison Manager'
b'Phonebook Contacts Wiki'
b'REACH Wiki'
b'RT Helpdesk'
b'Website'
b'Contact the webmaster'
b'Site map'
b'Log in'
b' \xc2\xa9 Copyright 2018 The Board of Trustees of the University of Illinois |\xc2\xa0Privacy Statement'
b''
b'Privacy Statement'
