b'MS in Supply Chain and Operations Management | UIC Business - University of Illinois at Chicago'
b'Skip to main content'
b'\nUIC Business - University of Illinois at Chicago\n'
b'Search form'
b'Footer Utility Menu'
b'Give Now'
b'UIC'
b'Visit Our Blog'
b'Current Students'
b'Phone Book'
b'Menu'
b'Undergraduate Programs'
b'Undergraduate Programs Overview'
b'Undergraduate Admissions'
b'UIC Business Scholars'
b'BS in Accounting'
b'BS in Entrepreneurship'
b'BS in Finance'
b'BS in Information & Decision Sciences'
b'BS in Management'
b'BS in Marketing'
b'BBA Completion Program'
b'Undergraduate Student Life'
b'Business Career Center'
b'Professional Development Program'
b'Graduate Programs'
b'Graduate Programs Overview'
b'Graduate Admissions'
b'Master of Business Administration'
b'Master of Science in Accounting'
b'Master of Science in Business Analytics'
b'Master of Science in Finance'
b'Master of Science in Management Information Systems'
b'Master of Science in Marketing'
b'Master of Science in Supply Chain and Operations Management'
b'Guaranteed and Preferred Admissions'
b'Graduate Career Services'
b'Doctoral Programs'
b'Doctoral Programs Overview'
b'PhD in Business Administration: Accounting Emphasis'
b'PhD in Business Administration: HRM Emphasis'
b'PhD in Business Administration: IDS Emphasis'
b'PhD in Business Administration: Marketing Emphasis'
b'PhD in Management Information Systems'
b'UIC Doctoral Students'
b'Alumni/Community'
b'Alumni/Community Overview'
b'Give to UIC Business'
b'Why Give'
b'Donor Recognition Society'
b'Student Scholarship Support'
b'Ways to Get Involved'
b'Alumni Leadership Academy'
b'Contact the Office of Advancement'
b'Recruiters/Companies'
b'Recruiters/Companies Overview'
b'CRIM'
b'IES'
b'Faculty/Research'
b'Faculty/Research Overview'
b'Research'
b'ICFD'
b'iLEAD'
b'For the Media'
b'Faculty Recruitment'
b'Search'
b'You are here'
b'Home'
b'Graduate Programs'
b'MS in Supply Chain and Operations Management'
b''
b'There is an explosive growth in supply chain and operations challenges, arising from globalization, big data, e-commerce, social media, mobile technologies, and automation. Developments in information technologies and analytical tools enable analyses of vast troves of data to provide enterprises with greater visibility of their supply chain operations. This trend has fueled a demand for people with knowledge and skills for managing supply chains and operations.'
b'The UIC MS in Supply Chain and Operations Management is directed at meeting the growing demand for professionals in supply chain and operations. It provides foundational knowledge in this area, integrating analytical modeling approaches, enterprise systems, data, analytics and business intelligence, and develops leadership skills and a global context.'
b'UIC graduate students study in the heart of Chicago, a major supply chain and operations hub, with many leading companies in close proximity. Faculty instructors are both researchers and professionals at the forefront of developments in their field; an additional benefit of students being enrolled in UIC -- a Carnegie one research institution.'
b'\nRequest Information '
b'\nAttend an Event '
b'\nApply Now '
b'Important Dates'
b'Curriculum'
b'Fast-paced program, flexible scheduleThe 32-credit hour program can be completed in one year of full-time study (or more than one year of part-time study). \xc2\xa0The program offers a flexible structure and schedule to allow completion while students are working full-time. The broad choice of electives enables the students to customize the curriculum to specific career or company interests.'
b'Cutting-edge curriculumThe distinguishing feature of this program is its blend of business and functional knowledge, with technical and analytical skills, systems thinking, leadership capabilities and global orientation.'
b'The program is designed to prepare students for varied work roles from supply chain planner to analyst, or manager, logistics coordinator, pricing analyst, procurement specialist, quality officer, among others. It develops a strong background for supply chain and operations roles in a range of industries such as manufacturing, transportation and logistics, to retail, distribution, pharmaceutical and personal products, health and medical, food and software systems.'
b'Experiential LearningThe MS in Supply Chain and Operations Management incorporates a practicum capstone experience course where students work with a client organization on supply chain and operations issues. This course integrates course material with project work that involves either detailed study of supply chain and operations strategy and practice in organizations, or development of supply chain related solutions for specific problems.'
b'We encourage applicants with undergraduate degrees from business and other disciplines who seek specialized knowledge and training to work in varied business roles addressing supply chain and operations, as well as working professionals looking to enhance their skills and capabilities in this field.'
b'Featured Courses'
b'Strategic design of the supply network; demand and supply planning, inventory analysis, aggregate planning, transportation planning, sourcing, revenue management; operational control of materials and information flows; strategies to manage supply chain risk. Data and analytical methods for supply chain decisions.'
b'International trade theory, exporting and importing of goods; transportation, distribution and business infrastructure. Issues covered include terms of payment and trade, exchange rate exposure hedges, international insurance, customs clearance, agency and distributorship sales contracts, packaging, transportation, risk and security.'
b'Projects and case studies to synthesize knowledge acquired across the program and learn how to apply learned concepts and skills to practical problems. Experiential learning through client based project. Operations and supply chain related issues in the context of enterprise strategy.'
b'next \xe2\x80\xba'
b'Facebook'
b'Twitter'
b'YouTube'
b'Instagram'
b'Contact Us'
b'About Us'
b'Media'
b'Events'
b'Sitemap'
b'Search'
b'CMBA'
b'News'
b'Give to UIC Business'
b'Visit Our Blog'
b'UIC.EDU'
b'Visit Campus'
b'Current Students'
b'Phone Books'
b'Privacy Notice'
b'AACSB Accredited'
b'Back to Top'
