b'Get alerts for websites | Emergency Information'
b'Skip to Content'
b'Eyebrow Navigation'
b'UIC'
b'Find People'
b'Departments A-Z'
b'Library'
b'Athletics'
b'\n\n\n\n'
b'\n\n'
b'Skip to Content'
b'Main Navigation'
b'Home'
b'UIC Alerts'
b'Public Safety Advisory'
b'Get alerts for websites'
b'Related Links'
b'UIC Police'
b'Annual Safety and Security Report'
b'Extreme Weather Policies'
b'Red Car Service/Off-Hour Paratransit Service'
b'Ready UIC'
b'Rave Guardian'
b'Get pop-up\xc2\xa0alerts for UIC websites'
b''
b'UIC Web Alerts are popups that can be integrated into UIC websites and will be activated automatically during a campus emergency. Alerts will include a brief summary of the emergency and a link to the UIC homepage.'
b'How it works'
b'During a campus emergency, Public Affairs will post brief web alerts, advising the campus community about the situation. When a visitor arrives on a properly coded web page, a message box will display that states the nature of the emergency and link to the UIC homepage.'
b'When the alert message is minimized, the emergency status page will open in a new browser window. Each subsequent alert will be displayed when it is posted and the information on the emergency status page will be updated.'
b''
b''
b'How to integrate alerts into your site'
b'To integrate UIC web alerts into your website, insert a <script> tag immediately before the closing </body> tag on web pages or templates of your site. If there are no active web alerts, pages will function as usual. The popup will appear only when a UIC web alert is sent\xc2\xa0by Public Affairs or the UIC Police. Sites with a previous\xc2\xa0implementation of UIC Alerts do not need to be changed since a redirect is in place, but we encourage webmasters to update their websites to keep current.'
b'The tag to insert is:'
b'\xc2\xa0'
b'The code is the same whether your site is served over http or https.'
b'How to test the alerts'
b'You can preview how the web alert will work on your website by inserting a temporary testing <script> tag. This test is functional and behaves exactly like the live version. If you see an alert, it is inserted correctly. If you minimize the alert you will need to clear your cookies to redisplay the message. Be sure to remove or comment out the test tag when you are finished testing.'
b'The test script tag to insert is:'
b'How to customize the positioning'
b'To change the placement of the web alert popup box add the following CSS to your page changing the top and left values to the desired position:'
b'To change the placement of the emergency minimized box add the following CSS to your page and change the top and right values to the desired position:'
b'Contact'
b'If you have any questions about the emergency web alerts, please contact www@uic.edu.'
b'www@uic.edu'
b'Back to Top'
b'Back to Top'
b'\xc2\xa9 Copyright 2015-2018 The Board of Trustees of the University of Illinois'
b'Footer Navigation'
b'Follow Us'
b''
b''
b''
b'Disability Resources'
b'Emergency Information'
b'Privacy Policy'
b'Contact Us'
