b'UIC RAVE GUARDIAN'
b'UIC'
b'About'
b'Key Features'
b''
b'UIC RAVE GUARDIAN'
b'Turn your phone into a personal safety device'
b'Find Out More'
b'Turn your phone into a personal safety device'
b'Now your phone can keep you safe and help protect your friends and coworkers! The Rave Guardian mobile phone app enhances safety on campus through real-time interactive features that create a virtual safety network of friends, family, and Campus Safety. Providing personal safety to campus is our main focus. We are always looking for ways to further improve the safety of our students, faculty, and staff and feel Rave guardian provides a great solution: improving communication across the community.'
b'Continue...'
b'Key Features'
b'Set a Timer'
b'Notify People you trust to check in on you if you are alone or in an unfamiliar place.'
b'Connect with your Guardians'
b'Invite family, friends, or others you trust to be your guardian and communicate with them within the app as needed.'
b'Easy Emergency Communication'
b'Call safety officials directly for help if you are in trouble and send text tips - including photos - if you see something suspicious.'
b'Frequently Asked Questions'
b"What about privacy?\nAny personal information you use to setup your UIC Rave Guardian Profile is stored privately and securely within Rave Mobile Safety's redundant and geographically diverse databases. Your profile can only be viewed by whomever you designate as a Guardian when your timer expires, or to UIC Police when you send a tip or contact UIC Police via the smartphone app.\nCan Rave Guardian track me?\nNo, your privacy is of utmost importance. You can only be located if you have asked for help and UIC Rave Guardian is only enabled when you choose to activate an alarm on your phone. \nUIC Rave Guardian and Smart911 can allow your designated Guardian to locate your approximate location when your timer expires. Additionally, Rave Guardian can allow UIC Police to locate your approximate location when you place a UIC Police call. However, it cannot be used to locate you without your knowledge. Your profile and location (if you have enabled the location service) are only available to your Guardian or UIC Police when your timer expires or you call UIC Police from within the smartphone app.\nDo I have to have push notifications turned on for Rave Guardian? \nWe recommend that you allow notifications from UIC Rave Guardian. This will alert you when your timer is about to run out, when you've received a response from UIC Police, or when someone has requested you as a Guardian. \nWhat should I include in my profile? \nThe more information you provide, the more UIC Police knows if they need to assist you in an emergency. At a minimum, your address (home and school), your physical description and a recent photo are great places to start. If you have a particular health issue or other personal safety concern, you can include that information as well. YOU decide what YOU provide.\nDOWNLOAD THE FREE APP :\nfor Android\nFor IOS\n"
b"Any personal information you use to setup your UIC Rave Guardian Profile is stored privately and securely within Rave Mobile Safety's redundant and geographically diverse databases. Your profile can only be viewed by whomever you designate as a Guardian when your timer expires, or to UIC Police when you send a tip or contact UIC Police via the smartphone app."
b"Can Rave Guardian track me?\nNo, your privacy is of utmost importance. You can only be located if you have asked for help and UIC Rave Guardian is only enabled when you choose to activate an alarm on your phone. \nUIC Rave Guardian and Smart911 can allow your designated Guardian to locate your approximate location when your timer expires. Additionally, Rave Guardian can allow UIC Police to locate your approximate location when you place a UIC Police call. However, it cannot be used to locate you without your knowledge. Your profile and location (if you have enabled the location service) are only available to your Guardian or UIC Police when your timer expires or you call UIC Police from within the smartphone app.\nDo I have to have push notifications turned on for Rave Guardian? \nWe recommend that you allow notifications from UIC Rave Guardian. This will alert you when your timer is about to run out, when you've received a response from UIC Police, or when someone has requested you as a Guardian. \nWhat should I include in my profile? \nThe more information you provide, the more UIC Police knows if they need to assist you in an emergency. At a minimum, your address (home and school), your physical description and a recent photo are great places to start. If you have a particular health issue or other personal safety concern, you can include that information as well. YOU decide what YOU provide.\nDOWNLOAD THE FREE APP :\nfor Android\nFor IOS\n"
b'No, your privacy is of utmost importance. You can only be located if you have asked for help and UIC Rave Guardian is only enabled when you choose to activate an alarm on your phone. '
b'UIC Rave Guardian and Smart911 can allow your designated Guardian to locate your approximate location when your timer expires. Additionally, Rave Guardian can allow UIC Police to locate your approximate location when you place a UIC Police call. However, it cannot be used to locate you without your knowledge. Your profile and location (if you have enabled the location service) are only available to your Guardian or UIC Police when your timer expires or you call UIC Police from within the smartphone app.'
b"Do I have to have push notifications turned on for Rave Guardian? \nWe recommend that you allow notifications from UIC Rave Guardian. This will alert you when your timer is about to run out, when you've received a response from UIC Police, or when someone has requested you as a Guardian. \nWhat should I include in my profile? \nThe more information you provide, the more UIC Police knows if they need to assist you in an emergency. At a minimum, your address (home and school), your physical description and a recent photo are great places to start. If you have a particular health issue or other personal safety concern, you can include that information as well. YOU decide what YOU provide.\nDOWNLOAD THE FREE APP :\nfor Android\nFor IOS\n"
b"We recommend that you allow notifications from UIC Rave Guardian. This will alert you when your timer is about to run out, when you've received a response from UIC Police, or when someone has requested you as a Guardian. "
b'What should I include in my profile? \nThe more information you provide, the more UIC Police knows if they need to assist you in an emergency. At a minimum, your address (home and school), your physical description and a recent photo are great places to start. If you have a particular health issue or other personal safety concern, you can include that information as well. YOU decide what YOU provide.\nDOWNLOAD THE FREE APP :\nfor Android\nFor IOS\n'
b'The more information you provide, the more UIC Police knows if they need to assist you in an emergency. At a minimum, your address (home and school), your physical description and a recent photo are great places to start. If you have a particular health issue or other personal safety concern, you can include that information as well. YOU decide what YOU provide.'
b'DOWNLOAD THE FREE APP :'
b'for Android\nFor IOS'
b'for Android'
b'For IOS'
b'- email vcas@uic.edu for any questions or concerns -'
b' '
b'\n                1200 West Harrison St.\n                Chicago, Illinois 60607\n                312-996-7000'
b'QUICK LINKS\nAthletics\nDirectory\nDisabilities Resources\nEmergency Information\nJob Opportunities\nLibrary\nVeterans Affairs\nUniversity of Illinois Hospital & Health Sciences System\nAcerca de la UIC (en espa\xc3\xb1ol)'
b'Athletics'
b'Directory'
b'Disabilities Resources'
b'Emergency Information'
b'Job Opportunities'
b'Library'
b'Veterans Affairs'
b'University of Illinois Hospital & Health Sciences System'
b'Acerca de la UIC (en espa\xc3\xb1ol)'
b'RESOURCES\nAcademic Calendar\nCurrent Students\nEvent Calendar\nFaculty and Staff\nMaps\nUIC News\nVisit & Directions\nClery Compliance\nNondiscriminatory Policy\nTitle IX: Sexual Misconduct'
b'Academic Calendar'
b'Current Students'
b'Event Calendar'
b'Faculty and Staff'
b'Maps'
b'UIC News'
b'Visit & Directions'
b'Clery Compliance'
b'Nondiscriminatory Policy'
b'Title IX: Sexual Misconduct'
b'TOOLS\nBlackboard\nGoogleApps@UIC\nmy UIC\nNessie\nOutlook for Web\nUICalendar\nWebmail\nContact the webmaster '
b'Blackboard'
b'GoogleApps@UIC'
b'my UIC'
b'Nessie'
b'Outlook for Web'
b'UICalendar'
b'Webmail'
b'Contact the webmaster '
b'\xc2\xa0'
b'\xc2\xa0'
b'\xc2\xa0'
